The Marist School is an independent Catholic day school for girls aged 2½–18 in Sunninghill near Ascot, Berkshire, England.
The Marist School is a Catholic school but welcomes all Christians and other faiths who are in sympathy with the schools' ethos.
Once girls reach 11 they often join Senior until age 18 years.
In Preparatory, there are two stages: Infant and Junior.
Karuthapillaiyur is a village in the district of Tirunelveli near Ambasamudram, Tamil Nadu, India.
George Blumberg (April 29, 1903 – January 18, 1960) was an American businessman and politician from New York.
The Geneva Centre for Security Policy (GCSP) is an international foundation that was established in 1995 under Swiss law to "promote the building and maintenance of peace, security and stability".
The GCSP was founded by the Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection and Sports in cooperation with the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs as a Swiss contribution to Partnership for Peace (PfP).
Glaucocharis forcipella is a moth in the family Crambidae.
It was described by Wang and Sung in 1988.
It is found in China (Sichuan).
In computability theory and mathematical logic the Tarski–Kuratowski algorithm is a non-deterministic algorithm which produces an upper bound for the complexity of a given formula in the arithmetical hierarchy and analytical hierarchy.
The algorithm is named after Alfred Tarski and Kazimierz Kuratowski.
David P. Silverman is an American archaeologist and Egyptologist.
He received an undergraduate degree from Rutgers University where he majored in art history.
He later studied Egyptology as a graduate student at the University of Chicago where he received his PhD.
Shortly after, he took a position at the international Treasures of Tutankhamun exhibit which originally ran from 1977 to 1982, and continued to work as curator on subsequent exhibits.
Following this, he continued working at a variety of institutions including the Field Museum in Chicago.
Since 1996, he has been Eckley Brinton Coxe, Jr.
Professor of Egyptology at the University of Pennsylvania and head curator of the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology's Egyptian section.
Alongside this, he currently teaches an online course through Coursera called Introduction to Ancient Egypt and Its Civilization.
Some of his archaeological work has included excavations at Bersheh and Saqqara  .
Bentot Jr. (born Luisito "Louie" G. Medina; January 8, 1970  – May 5, 2016) was a Filipino actor, and the son of the late comedian Bentot.
The Fish River Canoe Marathon is a two-day event taking place on the Fish River in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.
It covers a total distance of 81.8 kilometres (50.8 mi), from Grassridge Dam southward to Cradock.
The two other notable South African canoe marathons are the Dusi Canoe Marathon and the Berg River Canoe Marathon.
The Fish River marathon first took place in 1982 with 77 competitors.
It was the brainchild of Cape paddler Dave Alexander and a local Department of Water Affairs engineer, Knut Olav "KO" Bang.
By 2000 competitor numbers had grown to a record 1564, placing the race among the world's five biggest canoe marathons.The K-3, developed in South Africa, is a recent addition to the sprint kayak class which previously consisted of the K1, K2 and K4.
The K3 is particularly well suited to the Fish River with a relatively rock-free river bed and easily negotiable weirs.
Demonstrating this in 2009, Matt Bouman, Herman Chalupsky and Andrew Birkett paddled their K3 to a 5h 9m finish, coming in just outside the top 10 overall.The 2011 overall winners were Hank McGregor/Grant van der Walt with a time of 4:40.38 for the 2-day event.
Fr.
Francis Griffin C.S.Sp.
(1893-1983) was an Irish Spiritan priest who served as Superior General of the Congregation of the Holy Spirit (Spiritans) from 1950 until 1962.Born in Kilmurray, County Clare in 1893, he was educated locally in Kilmurray and Mullagh and then at Rockwell College from 1907 until 1911, Griffin went to Kimmage Manor to join the Spiritans.
Attending University College Dublin studying Irish and French.
He taught in Blackrock College from 1913 until 1916, when he moved to Switzerland.He was ordained in 1920 in Switzerland, Fr.
Griffin studied at University of Fribourg in Switzerland, earning a STL in 1921.Fr Griffin was elected Superior General of the Congregation of the Holy Spirit in 1950, the first non-Frenchman to hold that post.
Elections were held in Peterborough County, Ontario on October 22, 2018 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province.
Dominique Roman (April 16, 1824 in Arles – 1911, Arles) was a French photographer.
The 1926 VPI Gobblers football team represented Virginia Polytechnic Institute in the 1926 college football season.
The team was led by their head coach Andy Gustafson and finished with a record of five wins, three losses and one tie (5–3–1).
This was the first season played in Miles Stadium.
Trygve Carlsen Bøyesen (February 18, 1886 – July 27, 1963) was a Norwegian gymnast who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics, in the 1912 Summer Olympics, and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He won a silver medal in the gymnastics team event in 1908 with the Norwegian team.
As a member of the Norwegian team, he won a bronze medal in the gymnastics team, Swedish system event in 1912.
Eight years later he was part of the Norwegian team, which won the silver medal in the gymnastics team, free system event.
The Vienna Art Orchestra was a European jazz group based in Vienna, Austria.
Organized at different times as either a big band or as a smaller combo, it was regarded as one of the leading European jazz ensembles and was an official cultural ambassador of the Republic of Austria.
The Kansas Relays are a three-day track meet every April, held at the University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kansas.
Since 1923, the Kansas Relays have attracted runners, throwers, and jumpers from all over the United States of America, bringing in athletes ranging from Olympians to high-schoolers.
Olympians such as Marion Jones and Maurice Greene compete in the Gold Zone portion of the meet, which attracts thousands of spectators every year.
Competitors have also broken world records at the meet.
The 2004 Olympic champion, Justin Gatlin, was a prominent athlete to fail a doping test at the Kansas Relays.
Estakhru (Persian: استخرو‎, also Romanized as Estakhrū; also known as Estārū) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 181, in 51 families.
Leonardo Kalil Abdala is a Brazilian footballer who is playing for Criciúma.J1 League club Albirex Niigata signed the 20-year old in 2016.
Pine Ridge station is a SEPTA Route 101 trolley stop in Springfield Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.
It is officially located at Pine Ridge Drive and Beechwood Road, however the intersection with Beechwood Road lies north of the station.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania.
The station has a shed with a roof where people can go inside when it is raining.
It also has free parking and a power station next to the shed.
East of this station, the Route 101 line narrows down from two tracks to one as it enters Smedley County Park and goes back to two tracks east of  PA Route 420.
Zatoichi and the Doomed Man (座頭市逆手斬り, Zatōichi sakate-giri) is a 1965 Japanese chambara film directed by Kazuo Mori and starring Shintaro Katsu as the blind masseur Zatoichi.
It was originally released by the Daiei Motion Picture Company (later acquired by Kadokawa Pictures).
Zatoichi and the Doomed Man is the eleventh episode in the 26-part film series devoted to the character of Zatoichi.
Puerto Peñasco is a resort town located in Puerto Peñasco Municipality in the northwest of the Mexican state of Sonora, 100 kilometres (62 mi) from the border with the U.S. state of Arizona.
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 62,177 inhabitants.
It is located on the northern shores of the Sea of Cortez on the small strip of land that joins the Baja California Peninsula with the rest of Mexico.
The area is part of the Altar Desert, one of the driest and hottest areas of the larger Sonoran Desert.Since the late 1990s, there has been a push to develop the area for tourism.
It is now one of the most important tourist destinations in northern Mexico.
Puerto Peñasco is often called "Rocky Point" in English, and has been nicknamed "Arizona’s Beach" as it is the closest beach to cities such as Phoenix, Tucson, and Yuma.
The Mar de Cortés International Airport serves Puerto Penasco, but currently has no regularly-scheduled flights in or out.
The new highway shortens the drive from California by 160 km (100 mi).
Tourism and fishing are the most important economic activities for the city.
Development to date includes over one hundred restaurants, forty-two hotels and motels, and fourteen RV facilities.
The new "Home Port del Mar de Cortes" (Sea of Cortez) cruise ship terminal is currently under construction between Sandy Beach and Cholla Bay (La Choya), northwest of the central city.
Lars Gårding (7 March 1919 – 7 July 2014) was a Swedish mathematician.
He made notable contributions to the study of partial differential equations and partial differential operators.
He was a professor of mathematics at Lund University in Sweden 1952–1984.
Together with Marcel Riesz, he was a thesis advisor for Lars Hörmander.
Last Ninja 3 is an action-adventure video game that was developed and published by System 3 for the Commodore 64, Amiga, Atari ST in 1991.
It is a sequel to the 1988 game Last Ninja 2.
Château Phélan Ségur lies in the commune of Saint-Estèphe in the Bordeaux region of France, neighbouring vineyards Château Calon-Ségur and Château Montrose.
In a 2003 Cru Bourgeois classification revision, it was listed as one of 9 Cru Bourgeois Exceptionnels.A second wine is produced since 1986, under the label Frank Phelan.
A more recent venture is a wine titled La Croix Bonis.
Lophopetalum javanicum is a species of plant in the family Celastraceae.
It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Synonyms Hippocratea maingayi (non Laws.)
Vidal, Lophopetalum celebicus Koord., Lophopetalum fimbriatum (non Wight) F.
Vill., Lophopetalum fuscescens Kurz, Lophopetalum intermedium Ridl., Lophopetalum oblongifolium King, Lophopetalum oblongum King, Lophopetalum paucinervium Merr., Lophopetalum toxicum Loher, Solenospermum javanicum Zoll., Solenospermum oblongifolius Loes., Solenospermum paucinervium Loes., Solenospermum toxicum Loes.
Sillignea is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
The Xiaojiang River (Chinese: 小江; pinyin: Xiǎo Jiāng) is a right-bank tributary of the Jinsha River in northern Yunnan Province of China.
It begins at the outflow of Lake Qingshuihai and flows through Xundian Hui and Yi Autonomous County, Dongchuan District and Huize County before draining into the Jinsha River.
The Xiaojiang River runs 141 kilometres and its drainage area is 3049 square kilometres.
Due to loose rock structure, sparse vegetation on the banks, and the well-developed dissected troughs, large-scale debris flows frequently happen here.
The University of Kotli is a university in the Pakistani state of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
The University of Kotli (کوٹلی یونیورسٹی) (UoK) was formerly a constituent college of the University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
It was formerly known as the University College of Administrative Sciences Kotli (UCK) and as the  Faculty of Administrative Sciences Kotli (FASK).
UoK is state university and the President of Azad Jammu & Kashmir State serves as the Chancellor of the University.
The Vice-Chancellor is the chief executive and manages the university.
For the past three decades, the University's School of Administrative Sciences Kotli has had over 3,000 graduates in the field of Business Management, Public Administration, Commerce, Computer Science and Information.
A Trip to Jamaica is a Nigerian comedy drama film directed by Robert Peters starring Ayo Makun, Funke Akindele, Nse Ikpe Etim and Dan Davies.
The film tells a story about the adventures of a newly engaged couple in their relatives residence outside Nigeria, and how the secrets of their host led to the eventual breakup of their union amidst the culture shock of the new country and living with upper-class citizens.
Though a huge box office success, breaking the record set by 30 Days in Atlanta for the highest-grossing Nigerian film, it received mainly mixed to negative reviews from critics.
The movie had its worldwide premiere on September 25, 2016 in Lagos State.
The event featured a celebrity football game involving ex-internationals, like Kanu Nwankwo, Jay Jay Okocha, Peter Rufai, Joseph Yobo and Stephen Appiah.
Dittrichia viscosa, also known as false yellowhead, woody fleabane, sticky fleabane and yellow fleabane, is a flowering plant in the daisy family.
Dittrichia viscosa is a highly branching perennial common throughout the Mediterranean Basin.
It has long, narrow leaves that are pointed at both ends and have teeth along the edges and glandular hairs on the surfaces.
One plant can produce many yellow flower heads each with as many as 16 ray florets and 44 disc florets.Originally, the species was found mainly in dry riverbeds and abandoned fields up to a 1500 m (5000 feet) elevation.
Nowadays it is quite common in roadsides and ruderal habitats, even in urban areas.
It is considered an invasive species in Australia.
The false yellowhead is a tough plant, very resistant to adverse conditions and degraded environments.
It is important as food for the caterpillars of certain butterflies and moths, like Iolana iolas.
Despite the fresh-looking green color of its leaves and its attractive inflorescence, this plant is sticky and has a certain smell that most people find unpleasant.
It contains an essential oil and has been used in traditional medicine since ancient times, especially in the Levant, as an astringent.It is an important plant in Catalan tradition, often mentioned in adages and proverbs.
One adage says that: "No vos 'nemoreu, amor,de cap fadrina gallarda que és com la flor d'olivarda molt guapa, i dolenta d'olor."
[My dear one, don't fall in love with any woman who only has good looks, she is like a false yellowhead flower: beautiful, but full of stench.]
SubspeciesDittrichia viscosa subsp.
angustifolia (Bég.)
Greuter
Dittrichia viscosa subsp.
maritima (Brullo & De Marco) Greuter
Dittrichia viscosa subsp.
revoluta (Hoffmanns.
& Link) P.Silva & Tutin
Dittrichia viscosa subsp.
viscosa
Manulife Philippines (also known as The Manufacturers Life Insurance Co.
(Phils.
), Inc.) is a life insurance company in the Philippines and part of Manulife Financial Corporation, a Canadian life insurance company.
In 2002, Manulife acquired the Philippines business of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, an insurer based in the United States.
Super Snoops (Traditional Chinese: (荃加福祿壽探案) is a 2011 TVB modern comedy drama series set in the 1960s.
Starring Liza Wang, Wong Cho-lam, Louis Yuen, Johnson Lee and Toby Leung.
It is loosely based on the concept of popular TVB variety sketch comedy show "Fun With Liza And The Gods" 荃加福禄寿 starring Liza Wang, Wong Cho-lam, Louis Yuen and Johnson Lee.
Sir James Mackey,  Chief Executive of Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust, was appointed to be Chief Executive of NHS Improvement in October 2015 as a two year secondment.
He confirmed that he intended to return to Northumbria.
He has resumed his post as Chief Executive at Northumbria Healthcare Trust in November 2017.
He is a qualified accountant and joined the NHS in 1990.He was reckoned by the Health Service Journal to be the seventh most influential person in the English NHS in 2015, and the third in 2016.
The San Felipe Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California.
The San Felipe is a Grade II event open to three-year-old horses.
Normally held in mid-March, it is raced at a distance of  one and one-sixteenth miles (​8 1⁄2 furlongs) on dirt and currently offers a purse of $400,000.
It is listed as an official prep race on the Road to the Kentucky Derby.
The Canton of Perpignan-4 is a French canton of Pyrénées-Orientales department, in Occitanie.
It covers the central and southern part of the commune of Perpignan.
At the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015, the canton was enlarged.
Léon François Larive (28 June 1886 – 20 July 1961) was a French film actor.
He appeared in 95 films between 1923 and 1961.
Emmanuella Lambropoulos  is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in a by-election on April 3, 2017.
She represents the electoral district of Saint-Laurent as a member of the Liberal Party of Canada.A 26-year-old teacher from Rosemount High School at the time of her election, she won the Liberal nomination in an upset, defeating former provincial immigration minister  Yolande James and future Liberal MNA Marwah Rizqy.
The ngultrum (Dzongkha: དངུལ་ཀྲམ [ŋýˈʈúm], symbol: Nu., code: BTN) is the currency of the Kingdom of Bhutan.
It is subdivided into 100 chhertum (Dzongkha: ཕྱེད་ཏམ [pt͡ɕʰɛ́ˈtám], spelled as chetrums on coins until 1979).
The Royal Monetary Authority of Bhutan is the minting authority of the Ngultrum banknotes and coins.
The Ngultrum is currently pegged to the Indian rupee at parity.
The Bund: Gemeinschaft für ein sozialistisches Leben (Union for a Socialist Life) was a German Socialist organization founded in 1924 by Artur Jacobs.
Dore Jacobs, created within this "Bund" a method of physical education which became a mode of resistance under Nazism and is still taught in Germany, in the same place in which it originated.
The Bund consisted of several hundred core members and many other participants trying to implement an objectively ethical standard of living in Germany.
With the rise of the Nazi Party in 1933, they became certain that racism and anti-Semitism lay at the core of Nazism.
They also realized they were too small to fight it at an institutional level, and so they engaged in practical efforts to make life better for all Jews, and especially for their own Jewish members.
Through their efforts they saved the lives of several Jews.
They all survived the Nazi period, but their numbers dwindled after World War II.
They were recognized for their efforts as Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem in 2005.
They are considered important by the Holocaust museum for illuminating the range of possibilities affecting German Jews before World War II.
Prince Andrew, Duke of York,  (Andrew Albert Christian Edward, born 19 February 1960) is a member of the British royal family.
He is the third child and second son of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
At the time of his birth, he was second in the line of succession to the British throne; as of March 2019 he is seventh in line.
He holds the rank of commander and the honorary rank of Vice Admiral (as of February 2015) in the Royal Navy, in which he served as an active-duty helicopter pilot and instructor and as the captain of a warship.
He saw active service during the Falklands War, flying on multiple missions including anti-surface warfare, Exocet missile decoy, and casualty evacuation.
In 1986, Prince Andrew married Sarah Ferguson; the couple's marriage, separation and eventual divorce in 1996 attracted a high level of media coverage.
As well as carrying out various official engagements, he served as Britain's Special Representative for International Trade and Investment until July 2011.
Shoja (Persian: شجاع‎, also Romanized as Shojāʿ) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 11 families.
Royal Naval Air Station Maydown or RNAS Maydown (HMS Shrike) is a former Fleet Air Arm base located 4.3 miles (6.9 km) northeast of Derry, County Londonderry and 11.4 miles (18.3 km) west of Limavady, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.
Patrick Henry Smith (September 29, 1827 – January 22, 1884) was an American business and politician.
Born in Royalton, Vermont, Smith moved to Sheboygan, Wisconsin Territory in 1847.
He then settled permanently in Plymouth, Wisconsin in 1848 where he was a merchant.
From 1853 to 1857, Smith served as postmaster of Plymouth, Wisconsin.
In 1860, Smith was appointed deputy United States marshal.
Smith was the first town clerk of Plymouth, Wisconsin and was a Democrat.
He served on the Plymouth Common Council and was president of the common council.
From 1880 to his death in 1884, Smith served in the Wisconsin State Senate.
Smith died in Plymouth, Vermont from ill health.
Estadio La Raza is the main tennis court in Medellín, Colombia.
Built in 1958, it currently holds 10,000 spectators.
GPS: 6.258708°N 75.590111°E﻿ / 6.258708; 75.590111
Rurrenabaque is a small town in the North of Bolivia on the Beni River.
It is the capital of Rurrenabaque Municipality.
In recent years it has become popular with international tourism as it is an easy gateway for visits to Madidi National Park (within the Bolivian rainforest), as well as the surrounding pampas.
Locals commonly refer to the town by its shortened nickname, "Rurre."
Rurrenabaque is located in José Ballivián Province in Beni Department, Bolivia.
Rurrenabaque Municipality, the fourth (municipal section) of José Ballivián Province, had 19,195 inhabitants, of which 13,446 lived in urban Rurrenabaque itself in 2012.
Linden Lin or Lin Tsai-chueh (Chinese: 林載爵; born 16 June 1951) is a Taiwanese publisher.
He is the publisher and editorial director of Linking Publishing Company and former chairman of the Taipei International Book Exhibition (TIBE).
Lin was awarded the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres (Chevalier) of France in 2011, for his contributions to the promotion of French literature and culture in Taiwan.
Sandra Azón Canalda (born November 12, 1973 in Barcelona) is a Spanish sailor, who won a silver medal in the 470 class at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens together with Natalia Vía Dufresne.Azon finished sixth at the 2000 Summer Olympics, and won a bronze medal at the 2001 World Championships.
She became world champion in the Yngling class in 2002.
Williston Observer is a weekly newspaper based in Williston, Vermont covering Willston and surrounding communities in Chittenden County.
The newspaper is published every Thursday and the circulation is estimated to be around 5,000.
This paper is owned by Chittenden County Suburban Newspapers.The publisher is Marianne Apfelbaum and the editor is Jason Starr
Released in 2016, Sol Boricua is Cafêzz second album.
"Carmen Noemí, the band's leader, pianist and composer, along with bassist and producer Edgardo Sierra, present an engaging sojourn into the Puerto Rican musical landscape, with a modern point of view.
"Sol Boricua," is a salutation to the tropical sun, as the dualistic nature of bomba drumming intertwined with jibaro (mountain music) phrasing on the flute and cuatro, covers the entire tempo of their homeland".
Salimabad (Persian: سليم اباد‎, also Romanized as Salīmābād) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
O'Sullivan Army Heliport (ICAO: KCSL, FAA LID: CSL) is a U.S. Army heliport at Camp San Luis Obispo in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States.
It is located just off California State Route 1, northwest of the city of San Luis Obispo, about halfway between it and Morro Bay.
O'Sullivan AHP has one helipad designated H1 with a 2,430 by 75 ft (741 by 23 m) asphalt surface.
Liv and Maddie (Music from the TV Series) is a soundtrack to the Disney Channel Original Series, Liv and Maddie.
It features 12 songs performed by the show's star, Dove Cameron and a song performed by Teen Beach Movie star, Jordan Fisher.
The soundtrack was released on March 17, 2015 by Walt Disney Records.
The Council of Schools and Services for the Blind (COSB) is a consortium of specialized schools in Canada and the United States whose major goal is improving the quality of services to children who are blind and visually impaired.COSB is a membership organization of special purpose schools for students who are blind or visually impaired, including those with multiple disabilities.
COSB schools educate a diverse population of learners in environments that promote the highest academic standards as well as meeting the needs of students with significant learning challenges.
Schools and classrooms specialized approaches to instruction in small group settings ensure that the curriculum is fully accessible to each individual student.
COSB schools excel at teaching the unique skills that students use to gain independence at the same level as their sighted peers.
Known as the Expanded Core Curriculum, these skills such as Orientation and Mobility (travel and movement skills) and the use of Assistive Technology become the tools students use to maximize learning in school and to be fully engaged in their homes and communities.
COSB schools are an excellent example of why the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) calls for a range of educational placement options so that the learning opportunities of students are not restricted by the limitations of any one type of educational setting.
Under IDEA students should have the option of attending a school that best matches their learning needs at a particular time in their educational career.
An ideal balance is achieved when a student's local public school and that state's COSB school collaborate to allow the student to freely move between settings based upon educational need.
COSB schools provide important leadership in the continuous improvement of educational outcomes for all students with blindness or visual impairments in the United States through a wide variety of services and supports.
Key among these are specialized residential and day campuses in most states; short and longer-term program options; outreach services to students and educators in under-served areas; training and networking opportunities for families; professional development programs; the development of specialized curricula and teaching practices; research; Braille production; and clearinghouses for instructional materials and public information on blindness.
Each COSB school has developed its mix of services to be a valuable partner in the continuum of educational opportunities for students in its home state, and each COSB school is a committed advocate for excellence in the education all children with visual impairments.
The women's heptathlon event at the 2016 IAAF World U20 Championships was held at Zdzisław Krzyszkowiak Stadium on 21 and 22 July.
Hainrode is a village and a former municipality in the district of Nordhausen, in Thuringia, Germany.
Since 1 January 2019, it is part of the town Bleicherode.
Tirana Times is a weekly newspaper published in English and is headquartered in Tirana, Albania.
Lewis Haslam (25 April 1856 – 12 September 1922), was a Liberal Party Member of Parliament (MP) in Wales, representing Monmouth Boroughs from 1906 to 1918 and then Newport from 1918 until his death in 1922.
Danny Maciocia (born May 26, 1967) is the head coach of the Université de Montréal Carabins football team.
He is also the former general manager & director of football operations of the Canadian Football League's Edmonton Eskimos and former offensive coordinator with the André-Grasset Phénix, a CEGEP team in Montreal.
Joseph A. Stockton  was a prominent Presbyterian minister in Western Pennsylvania.
He founded Meadville Academy, which later became Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania.
He was also President of University of Pittsburgh.He attended Jefferson College in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania and was tutored by John McMillan.
He was an early member of the Philo Literary Society.He worked for a time as an assistant tutor at Jefferson College.
Enga Ooru Pattukaran (English: Singer of Our Town) is a 1987 Tamil drama film directed by Gangai Amaran.
The film features Ramarajan, Rekha and Shantipriya in lead roles, with Senthamarai, Vinu Chakravarthy, Senthil, Kovai Sarala and S. S. Chandran playing supporting roles.
The film, produced by Kalyani Murugan, had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 14 April 1987.
The film was huge hit.
Jan Jönsson (born 24 May 1960) is a Swedish football manager and former player who is the manager of Shimizu S-Pulse.
Teat(r)o Oficina Uzyna Uzona or simply Teatro Oficina (English: Theater Workshop), is a theater company in Brazil, located in São Paulo in the neighborhood of Bixiga.
It was founded in 1958 at the Faculty of Law of the University of São Paulo by Amir Haddad, José Celso Martinez Correa, Carlos Queiroz Telles and Ron Daniels.
Fremont Community School District was a school district headquartered in Fremont, Iowa.
It operated a single K-8 school in that town, while, since around the 1990s, it sent its high school students to Eddyville-Blakesburg Community School District (EBCSD or E-B) schools.
Kyōroku (享禄) was a Japanese era name (年号, nengō, "year name") after Daiei and before Tenbun.
This era spanned from August 1528 to July 1532.
The reigning emperor was Go-Nara-tennō (後奈良天皇).
This is a list of Sites of Community Importance in Cantabria.
Chrystal Falls is a novel series that was written over seven books by various ghost writers dealing with the residents of a fictional (and fiercely divided) Pennsylvania town.
The books were published by Scholastic in the mid-1980s.
An Estoppel Certificate (or Estoppel Letter) is a document often used in due diligence in Real estate and mortgage activities.
It is a document often completed, but at least signed, by a tenant used in his or her landlord's proposed transaction with a third party.
A mortgage lender intending to collateralize a tenant-occupied property or a purchaser intending to purchase such a property will often want to verify certain representations made by the landlord.An estoppel certificate provides confirmation by the tenant of the terms of the rental agreement, such as the amount of rent, the amount of security deposit and the expiration of the agreement.
Further, the estoppel certificate may give the opportunity to the tenant to explain if they may have any claims against the landlord, which may affect a buyer's or lender's decision to complete the proposed transaction.Some lease agreements require the tenant to complete such a certificate or to waive his responses by allowing the landlord to complete the estoppel certificate under certain circumstances.In some extreme cases, a tenant can be in default of a lease when failing to comply with an estoppel certificate, though this is rare.
The majority of leases do not mention the protocol for signature of estoppel certificates.
France Avenue is a major street in Minneapolis, Edina, and Bloomington with shorter segments in several other suburbs (Brooklyn Park, Brooklyn Center, Robbinsdale, and Golden Valley) in the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metro area.
A deaf superhero is a fictional character who is deaf and who usually has abilities beyond those of normal deaf human beings.
Epicauta conferta is a species of blister beetle in the family Meloidae.
It is found in Central America and North America.
James Garner (born James Scott Bumgarner; April 7, 1928 – July 19, 2014) was an American actor, producer, and voice artist.
He starred in several television series over more than five decades, including such popular roles as Bret Maverick in the 1950s western series Maverick and Jim Rockford in The Rockford Files, and played leading roles in more than 50 theatrical films, including The Great Escape (1963) with Steve McQueen, Paddy Chayefsky's The Americanization of Emily (1964), Grand Prix (1966), Blake Edwards' Victor/Victoria (1982), Murphy's Romance (1985), for which he received an Academy Award nomination, Space Cowboys (2000) with Clint Eastwood, and The Notebook (2004).
Dmitri Valeryevich Yestekhin (Russian: Дмитрий Валерьевич Естехин; born November 18, 1987) is a Russian professional football player who last played for FC Gubkin.
Llanera, officially the Municipality of Llanera,  is a 4th class municipality in the province of Nueva Ecija, Philippines.
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 39,701 people.The town's economy is largely agricultural, with rice as the principal product.
It is a land of plains with frew creeks a small dam and a river the only water bodies bisecting the plains.
There are no mountain ranges in the municipality.
Principal industry and commerce are related to the production of rice and rice products.
Minor products include onion growing, cattle raising and vegetable production.
The town also known for its "KAPAGAYAN FESTIVAL" it is usually celebrated every first to second week of May.
The municipality is traversed by a national road leading to Aurora province.
The municipality is bounded by the city of San Jose, the municipalities of Talavera, Rizal and Natividad.
The Japanese Empire occupied the Dutch East Indies, now Indonesia, during World War II from March 1942 until after the end of the war in September 1945.
The period was one of the most critical in Indonesian history.
The Dutch East Indies had been a colony of the Netherlands (the Dutch) since 1819.
However, the Netherlands itself had been occupied by Germany, and thus had little ability to defend its colony against the Imperial Japanese Army, and less than three months after the first attacks on Borneo, the Japanese navy and army overran Dutch and allied forces.
Initially, most Indonesians joyfully welcomed the Japanese as liberators from their Dutch colonial masters.
The sentiment changed, however, as Indonesians realized that they were expected to endure more hardship for the Japanese war effort.
In 1944–1945, Allied troops largely bypassed Indonesia and did not fight their way into the most populous parts such as Java and Sumatra.
As such, most of Indonesia was still under Japanese occupation at the time of its surrender in August 1945.
The occupation was the first serious challenge to the Dutch in Indonesia and ended the Dutch colonial rule, and, by its end, changes were so numerous and extraordinary that the subsequent watershed, the Indonesian National Revolution, was possible in a manner unfeasible just three years earlier.
Unlike the Dutch, the Japanese facilitated the politicisation of Indonesians down to the village level.
Particularly in Java and, to a lesser extent, Sumatra, the Japanese educated, trained and armed many young Indonesians and gave their nationalist leaders a political voice.
Thus, through both the destruction of the Dutch colonial regime and the facilitation of Indonesian nationalism, the Japanese occupation created the conditions for the proclamation of Indonesian independence within days of the Japanese surrender in the Pacific.
However, the Netherlands sought to reclaim the Indies, and a bitter five-year diplomatic, military and social struggle ensued, resulting in the Netherlands recognising Indonesian sovereignty in December 1949.
Rzeki [ˈʐɛki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Biecz, 10 km (6 mi) north-east of Gorlice, and 104 km (65 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
Davit Dighmelashvili  (born 18 January 1980) is a retired Georgian football defender.
Boniface IV Paleologo, Marquess of Montferrat (21 December 1512 – 6 June 1530) was an Italian nobleman.
He succeeded his father William IX, Marquess of Montferrat from 1518.
His mother was Anna d'Alençon (1492–1562).
Boniface never married and died childless in 1530, after falling from his horse.
He was succeeded by his uncle, John George, Bishop of Casale.
"Starting Over Again" is a song recorded by American entertainer Dolly Parton.
The song was written by Donna Summer and her husband Bruce Sudano.
Parton's recording was performed as a slow tempo ballad, gradually building to a dramatic crescendo.
It was released in March 1980 as the first single from her album Dolly, Dolly, Dolly.
"Starting Over Again" made the U.S. pop top forty, peaking at number 36, and reached number 1 on the U.S. country charts on May 24, 1980.Donna Summer also recorded it[1] as a non-album track, performing it live numerous time on television specials during the 1980s, including her own program, The Donna Summer Show.
Rafolče (pronounced [ˈɾaːfɔltʃɛ] or [ˈɾaːfɔu̯tʃɛ]; German: Rafoltsche) is a village in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Poullignac  is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Guido Marzorati (born 1975, Venice, Italy) is a guitarist, singer, and songwriter.
The son of professional musicians, he studied for several years at the Benedetto Marcello Music Conservatory.
During this time he learned the acoustic guitar, influenced by The Beatles, Elliott Murphy and Bruce Springsteen, all of whom would eventually mark his style.
In August 1999 he recorded his first solo album (voice, guitar, harmonica), Live at Home.
In September 2000 he won the Bande Rumorose contest in Copparo (Fe).
That same month, specialist magazines Buscadero and The River ran feature articles on Marzorati.
During Spring 2003, he moved to New York and conducted a tour of several clubs, such as Stone Pony and C-Note.
In Summer 2002, he formed his relationship with The Blugos, a new band which helped him record his second album Journey of Hope in 2004, a combination of warm '70s rock and electronic music.
Currently, he tours Italy with artists such as Treves Blues Band and Joe Grushecky and the Houserockers.
R v Cinous, 2002 SCC 29 is a 2002 case of the Supreme Court of Canada which held that in order for a defence to be presented to a jury, that defence must possess an "air of reality"; that is, "if a properly instructed jury acting reasonably could acquit the accused on the basis of the defence".
Hajji Bekandeh-ye Koshk-e Bijar Rural District (Persian: دهستان حاجي بكنده خشكبيجار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Khoshk-e Bijar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 9,973, in 2,928 families.
The rural district has 16 villages.
Cement tiles or hydraulic tiles are handmade colourful tiles used as floor and wall tiling.
They appeared in Catalonia (Spain) in the 1850s, and have been widely used in Europe and America.
They represented a revolution in flooring in their day because they were much cheaper, more durable and easier to make than the previous handmade glazed ceramic tiles and were therefore more universally available for houses, and they allowed for profuse decorative patterns, their age of splendour being the end of the 19th to the middle of the 20th centuries, before they were gradually superseded by newer technology as of the 1960s, such as terrazzo, salt-glazed stoneware, etc.
that didn't allow for such decorative embellishment but were cheaper.
They are mostly known throughout the world as encaustic cement tile.
Like their predecessors, encaustic clay tiles, they derive their name from the term "encaustic" which is an art term used for metal enameling that uses a type of lost wax procedure.
They have this name because of the intricate patterns and designs that mimic the encaustic enameling process.
Cement tiles are not fired; there is no glaze layer on the surface of the tile.
They derive their durability from the combination of finely dehydrated ground Portland cement layer and a more coarse layer of sand and cement.
The pigment layer is hydraulically pressed into the surface and becomes a part of the tile.
Nawab Hafiz Sir Muhammad Ibrahim Ali Khan Bahadur  (8 November 1849 – 23 June 1930) was Nawab of Tonk from 1867 until his death in 1930.
Ibrahim Ali Khan ascended the throne of Tonk following the deposition of his father by the British as he was found guilty of mass murder.
His gun salute was increased in 1877.
He also attended all the three Delhi Durbars.
In 1901, he passed a law for the conservation of wildlife and the environment in his state.
This was also the first law enacted in present day Rajasthan for such a purpose.
The Sarawak Fire Horse B.C.
are a Malaysian basketball team that competed in the Malaysia National Basketball League and based in Miri, Sarawak, Malaysia.
Puck railway station is a railway station serving the town of Puck, in the Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.
The station opened on 15 December 1898 and is located on the Reda–Hel railway.
The train services are operated by Przewozy Regionalne.
Ibworth is a hamlet in Hampshire, England.
It is in the civil parish of Hannington.
Interesting features include a community notice board and a wall post box dating from the reign of Queen Victoria.
Cuddy Valley is a valley in the San Andreas Rift Zone south of the San Emigdio Mountains west of Tejon Pass, and unincorporated community in Kern County, California, and part of the Mountain Communities.
It lies at an elevation of 5,282 feet 1610 m).
Crnogovci is an uninhabited settlement in Croatia.
Chlanidota elongata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
Priyanka Bora (born (1985-01-07)7 January 1985 in Maharashtra, India is an Indian female volleyball player.
She was part of the India women's national volleyball team.
She participated at the 2010 Asian Games.
On club level she played for Indian Railways in 2010.
Clawson is a town in Emery County, Utah, United States.
The population was 163 at the 2010 census.
The community was named after Rudger Clawson, a Mormon leader.
The final stages of the 2014 Copa Sudamericana were played from October 1 to December 10, 2014.
A total of 16 teams competed in the final stages.
William Herbert, 6th Earl of Pembroke, 3rd Earl of Montgomery MP (c. 1641 – 8 July 1674) was an English nobleman and politician who succeeded to the titles on 11 December 1669 on the death of his father.
Brought up in Wiltshire at Wilton House, he was the son of Philip Herbert, 5th Earl of Pembroke, by his marriage to Penelope Naunton, the daughter of Sir Robert Naunton, Secretary of State to King James I and of Penelope Perrot, a daughter of Sir Thomas Perrot and of Lady Dorothy Devereux (later Countess of Northumberland), whose parents were the famous Earl of Essex and Lettice Knollys.His mother died before 1647, when he was a small child.In September 1658, he was granted a pass to travel overseas.
He was member of parliament for Glamorgan between 1661 and his elevation to the House of Lords in 1669.
After he came into his father's great estates, especially in Wiltshire and in Wales, Pembroke was known to exercise a decisive electoral influence in many places.
However, with the Cavalier Parliament enduring from 1661 until 1679, he had few opportunities to wield this influence directly in elections to the House of Commons.
From 1665 to 1674, he was Custos Rotulorum of Wiltshire.
Pembroke died unmarried on 8 July 1674 and was succeeded by his brother, Philip Herbert, 7th Earl of Pembroke,  who became known as "the infamous Earl", due to his frequent bouts of homicidal mania.
Sultana Bibiana (Bengali: সুলতানা বিবিয়ানা) is a 2017 Bangladeshi romantic film directed by Himel Ashraf.
The film got huge response from the audience.
The 2017 American Athletic Conference football season is the 26th NCAA Division I FBS Football season of the American Athletic Conference (The American).
The season is the fifth since the former Big East Conference dissolved and became the American Athletic Conference, and the fourth season with the College Football Playoff in place.
The American is considered a member of the "Group of Five" (G5), meaning that the conference shares with the other G5 conferences one automatic spot in the New Year's Six bowl games.
The conference game schedule for the 2017 season was released on February 9, 2017.
Robert Maciej Smoktunowicz (pronounced [ˈrɔbɛrt smɔktuˈnɔvit͡ʂ]; born January 30, 1962 in Warsaw) is a Polish politician.
He represented Civic Platform (PO) in the Senate from 2001 to 2007.
He gave up the membership in PO on September 17, 2007.
Later that year he ran for re-election to the Polish Senate from the Left and Democrats list but to no avail.
The Chicora Wood Plantation (originally known as Matanzas) is a former rice plantation in Georgetown County, South Carolina.
The plantation itself was established sometime between 1732 and 1736 and the 1819 plantation house still exists today.
In 1827, Robert Francis Withers Allston (1801–1864) resigned as surveyor-general of South Carolina to take over full-time management of Chicora Wood, which he had inherited from his father.
Chicora Wood served as a home base for his network of rice plantations, which produced 840,000 pounds of rice in 1850 and 1,500,000 pounds by 1860.
401 slaves worked the plantation in 1850, increasing to 630 by 1860.
The house was built in Greek Revival style, on a raised basement typical of the region.
A number of outbuildings still survive on the complex, including the rice mill complex.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on April 11, 1973.
It is located in the Pee Dee River Rice Planters Historic District.
Malayala Swamy (1885–1962) was a Hindu religious leader, and a social reformer.
He dismissed the myth that Vedas and other scriptures are only for a particular section of the society and encouraged common man to gain spiritual knowledge.
He also encouraged women education.
He was the founder of Sri Vyasashrama in Yerpedu, Andhra Pradesh.
He influenced Vidya Prakasananda Swamy, his famous disciple who established Sri Sukabrahmashrama at Srikalahasti.Malayala Swamy extensively traveled in and out of Andhra Pradesh, where there is a Telugu speaking crowd to propagate the ancient Hindu wisdom by conducting Sanatana Vedanta Jnana Sabhas, Omkara Satra Yagas lasting for a week, Chaturmasya Vrathas lasting for four months, installed idols in various temples, inaugurated ashrams, laid foundations to several constructions, opened monasteries, etc in the service of god.
Neptis jamesoni, or Jameson's large sailer, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop), Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Grabina [ɡraˈbina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-east of Grabów nad Pilicą, 27 km (17 mi) north-west of Kozienice, and 58 km (36 mi) south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 110.
James Dolena (1888-1978) was a Russian-born American architect.
He designed many houses in Los Angeles, California.
The 1934–35 İstanbul Football League season was the 27th season of the league.
Fenerbahçe SK won the league for the 7th time.
The Badminton Game is a 1973 painting by the English painter David Inshaw.
It was inspired by the gardens of Devizes and the landscape of Wiltshire.
Inshaw has described how the place gave him a feeling of "mystery and wonder".
He wrote about the painting: "my main aim was to produce a picture that held a moment in time, but unlike a photograph, which only records an event.
I thought a painting could give a more universal, deeper meaning to that moment by composing one instant from lots of different unrelated moments."
Its original title was a line from Thomas Hardy's poem "She, to Him": Remembering mine the loss is, not the blame.The painting was exhibited at the ICA Summer Studio exhibition in London.
It is in the collection of the Tate Gallery since 1980.
According to The Guardian, it is "one of the most enduringly popular images in the museum's collection".
As of 2017, it was not on display.In 2011 it was the subject of an episode in BBC's series Hidden Paintings of the West.
Piotr Janowski (5 February 1951 – 6 December 2008) was a Polish violinist, first Polish winner of the Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition.
Janowski was born in Grudziądz, Poland.
At the age of 16 in 1967, he won the V International Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition in Poznań, Poland.
He graduated with distinction from The Higher State School of Music in Warsaw where he completed the five-year course in one academic year in the class of Irena Dubiska (1969–1970).
He continued his studies at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia with Ivan Galamian and later at the Juilliard School of Music in New York as pupil of Galamian and Zino Francescatti.
In 1974, invited by Henryk Szeryng and Zino Francescatti, Janowski studied at the Summer Masterclass in Montreux (Switzerland).
Between 1975 and 1977 he was a private scholar of Jascha Heifetz at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles.
He was a citizen of Poland and the United States of America, he also was an honorary citizen of Arkansas, USA and the city of Cognac, France.
He died in London, United Kingdom, and is buried at Powązki cemetery in Warsaw.
Anilio (Greek: Ανήλιο, literally "without sun") is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Mouresi in the eastern part of Magnesia, Greece.
It is situated at 296 meters elevation on the forested eastern slope of the Pelion mountains, 2 km from the Aegean Sea coast.
Its population in 2011 was 355 for the village and 382 for the community which includes the village Plaka.
Anilio is 1.5 km northwest of Agios Dimitrios, 1.5 km southeast of Makryrrachi, 4 km southeast of Zagora and about 18 km east of the city of Volos (Magnesia's capital).
Parodon is a genus of scrapetooths from South America, where found as far south as Río de la Plata.
Commander John Pender Paynter R.N.
(1788 - 1856) of Trekenning House, St Columb Major, Cornwall, was an officer of the British Royal Navy noted for his services during the Napoleonic Wars.
In 1815 Paynter was appointed Flag Lieutenant to Lord Exmouth on HMS Boyne.
In 1816 during the Bombardment of Algiers, Paynter was sent ashore in an attempt to secure the release of Christian slaves and to demand the release from custody of a Colonel Macdonald, the English Consul but was himself seized by the Dey and lodged in the Black Hole.
However, the menacing attitude assumed by the British Fleet assured his release.
Theta Upsilon (ΘΥ) was a national women's fraternity operating in the United States from February 1921 until May 1962, when the group was absorbed by the Delta Zeta sorority.
Aristide Aubert Du Petit Thouars (31 August 1760 in Boumais – 2 August 1798 in Abukir; often written Dupetit-Thouars) was a French naval officer, and a hero of the Battle of Aboukir, where he died.
He was born on August 31, 1760, in the castle of Boumais, near Saumur.
He studied at the Collège Royal de La Flèche, and entered the French Navy in 1778.
He participated that same year in the Battle of Ouessant.
In 1790, he participated in the conquest of Saint-Louis du Sénégal.
He then served in the Antilles, under Guichen against Rodney on the 80-gun Couronne.
He was at the Battle of the Saintes.
He was promoted to Lieutenant (Lieutenant de Vaisseau) in 1792.
He left that year on board the 12-gun brig Diligent, in search of Jean-François de La Pérouse.
In Brazil, he was imprisoned by the Portuguese, but released in 1793.
After that he lived for three years in the United States.
Back in France, he was reintegrated (he had become destitute as an aristocrat), and was promoted to Captain, commander of the Tonnant at the Battle of the Nile, where he died on August 2, 1798.
During the battle, he forced HMS Majestic to break off combat, with 50 killed, including Captain Westcott, and 143 wounded.
After having lost both legs and an arm, he continued to command from a bucket filled with wheat, until he died.His last order was allegedly to nail the flag of the Tonnant to her mizzen-mast and never to surrender the ship.
The Tonnant was eventually captured by the British.
Cedrorum azoricus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Cedrorum.
Uma Subramaniam is an officer of the Reserve Bank of India, who got embroiled in the sensational Rs 20 lakh scam in December 2003 by a hoax caller claiming to be the then RBI Governor Y. V. Reddy.
Although the amount involved was small, the modus operandi of the fraud and its subsequent ramifications were unparalleled in the history of Indian banking and finance system.
Manuel Alonso Corral (1934 – 15 July 2011), known by his supporters as Pope Peter II, was the leader of the Palmarian Catholic Church, a mysticalist group not recognised by the Catholic Church, from 2005 to 2011.
Corral was a skilled, affluent lawyer, but he left his legal practice to join Clemente Domínguez y Gómez, who founded the Carmelite Order of the Holy Face in 1975.
Corral was ordained priest and bishop by Catholic Archbishop Pierre Martin Ngô Đình Thục in 1976 along with Domínguez and three others (these three others had already been Catholic priests for many years).
Archbishop Thuc and the five new bishops were excommunicated by Pope Paul VI for consecrating bishops without the Holy See's approval.
Thuc recanted and repudiated his consecrations for the Palmar-based Carmelite Order of the Holy Face.
He asked Pope Paul VI to be forgiven and was absolved of all ecclesial penalties in 1976, until 1981 when he was again excommunicated by Pope John Paul II for illicit consecrations.
In 1978, Domínguez claimed that Jesus Christ created him pope in 1978 in a mystical vision and transformed the Order into the Palmarian Catholic Church.
Domínguez, now called Pope Gregory XVII, named Corral Cardinal Secretary of State of their church and named him his successor in 2000.
This appointment – instead of leaving this decision to a Palmarian College of Cardinals – contributed to a rift in the church.Upon Domínguez's death in 2005, Corral succeeded him as Pope Peter II and headed the Palmarian Catholic Church until his own death in 2011.
The men's team sprint race of the 2015–16 ISU Speed Skating World Cup 2, arranged in the Utah Olympic Oval, in Salt Lake City, United States, was held on November 22, 2015.The Canadian team won the race on a new world record, which was held by the Dutch team, and only established the previous weekend.
The Russian team came second, and the Dutch team came third.
The splenius capitis () (from Greek, Modern  spléníon, meaning 'bandage', and Latin  caput, meaning 'head') is a broad, straplike muscle in the back of the neck.
It pulls on the base of the skull from the vertebrae in the neck and upper thorax.
It is involved in movements such as shaking the head.
David Reichenberg (13 July 1950 - 10 June 1987) was an American oboist and a highly respected specialist on the baroque oboe.
He was born in Cedar Falls, Iowa and learnt the flute, violin and piano as a child.
He began his oboe studies with Dr Myron E. Russell of the University of Northern Iowa.
Beginning in 1969, Reichenberg studied at the Indiana University School of Music, continuing his oboe studies with Jerry Sirucek, former oboist with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
Graduating in 1972, Reichenberg moved to Salzburg, where he attended the Mozarteum.
It was in Salzburg that Reichenberg met Nikolaus Harnoncourt, director of Concentus Musicus Wien.
Reichenberg became increasingly interested in playing the oboe's repertoire on the instrument for which it had been written and, with the assistance of Harnoncourt, moved to Vienna in order to study baroque oboe with Jürg Schäftlein.
He simultaneously studied oboe making with Paul Hailperin, building the instrument upon which he played for four years.
Reichenberg took part in many concerts and recordings with Concentus Musicus, and gradually increased his activities with that group.
In 1977, Reichenberg formed the Munich-based orchestra, Florilegium Musicum, which gave numerous performances of Bach cantatas and Mozart masses.
During that year, Reichenberg received several requests to play in England.
Most notable among these was the offer to participate in the Deutsche Grammophon/Archiv recordings of the Bach Orchestral Suites with the English Concert, directed by Trevor Pinnock.
At the close of the year, Reichenberg toured the United States with the Concentus Musicus and thereafter moved to England.
In London, Reichenberg was immediately in demand as a freelance player with all the orchestras playing on period instruments.
These included the Taverner Consort, the London Classical Players, London Baroque, the English Bach Festival, the Academy of Ancient Music, the English Baroque Soloists, as well as the English Concert.
Reichenberg appeared extensively as soloist with the English Concert, and toured the United States, Japan, Germany, Austria, France and Italy with this group.
His many recordings with the English Concert (Deutsche Grammophon/Archiv) include Bach's oboe d'amore concerto, as well as the double concerto for oboe and violin, all the Brandenburg concerti, the Handel oboe concerti, the Handel Concerti grossi Opus 3, Vivaldi's Oboe concerto in A minor, plus the G major double concerto for oboe and bassoon.
Among his other solo recordings, Reichenberg has recorded the Handel oboe sonatas with l'Ecole d'Orphee, available on the CRD label.
Following Reichenberg's arrival in London in 1978, he served as instructor of baroque oboe at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
He also taught each summer from 1981 through 1986 at the Summer Academy held in Palicio de Mateus in northern Portugal.
Reichenberg was appointed Professor of Baroque Oboe at the Vienna Hochschule in 1986.
He died of complications from AIDS in 1987.
(Material taken from a memorial tribute by Nora Post in The Double Reed, Vol.
11, No.
1)
Gbehzohngar Milton Findley (born July 2, 1960) is a Liberian Cabinet-Level government official, former President Pro-Tempore of the Liberian Senate and a business executive.
Findley is the current Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Liberia in the administration of President George Weah.
He is the owner of a coffee and cocoa bean farm and produce packing company in Liberia which exports to Europe.
Findley received primary education in Liberia and advanced degrees at Lund University in Sweden and Franklin University in the United States.
On August 4, 2017, Gbehzohngar Milton Findley resigned from the ruling Unity Party, declaring he and the party no longer shared the same political ideology.
On August 16, 2017, Findley announced his intention to join the Coalition for Democratic Change (CDC) political party to support then-Standard Bearer, George Manneh Weah.
Findley was officially welcomed to the CDC by ceremony and Weah later posted the message on his social media, “Honorable Findley is an astute leader with an impeccable record of service to our noble Country.
He has contributed immensely to the governance process of our country and I believe he will be a great asset to our movement”.Findley and Weah joined forces to campaign for the 2017 presidential election in Grand Bassa County, where Findley served as Senator for nine years, and were received by massive crowds.
The alliance proved successful for both, for Findley in thwarting the 2017 presidential bids of both his political adversaries, Charles Brumskine of the Liberty Party and Joseph Boakai of the Unity Party, and for Weah who edged Brumskine out of contention in the first round national election before defeating Boakai in the final election run-off.
Balanophora cucphuongensis is a species of plant in the Balanophoraceae family.
It is found in Cúc Phương National Park and Kon Tum Province, Vietnam.
Local people use this plant as a medical treatment for erectile dysfunction and enhancement of libido.
Jawed Usmani (Hindi: जावेद उस्मानी; Urdu: جاوید عثمانی‎) is a retired IAS officer.
He currently serves as the Chief Information Commissioner of Uttar Pradesh.
He was the Chief Secretary to the Government of Uttar Pradesh from March 2012 to May 2014.
Versailles (known as Versailles -Philharmonic Quintet- in the United States) is a Japanese visual kei metal band formed in 2007 by vocalist Kamijo and guitarist Hizaki.
After recruiting bassist Jasmine You, drummer Yuki and guitarist Teru, they performed their first show on June 23.
Their key characteristics are their Rococo-esque costumes, dueling guitars and heavy but melodic arrangements.
The group gained a significant worldwide following soon after forming as their debut EP Lyrical Sympathy (2007), released by Kamijo's own label Sherow Artist Society, received a simultaneous European release and they performed in Europe and the United States the following year.
Their first full-length album, Noble released in 2008, was also released in North America in 2009.
Versailles signed to major label Warner Music Japan in mid-2009, however, on August 9, days after announcing he would be suspending activities for health reasons, Jasmine You died.
Their major debut album Jubilee (2010) was completed with Hizaki performing the unfinished bass tracks.
They went on a world tour that took them to Latin America and Europe and ended with new bassist Masashi officially joining.
2011 began with the whole band starring in their own television show titled Onegai Kanaete Versailles (おねがいかなえてヴェルサイユ, lit.
"Fulfill My Wish Versailles"), that ran from January to March.
Their third album Holy Grail (2011) was their highest charting, reaching number 12 on the Oricon, and was supported by their second world tour.
On July 20, 2012, Versailles announced they would be stopping all activities at the end of the year.
They released their last album, the self-titled Versailles, on September 26 and after a short tour, performed their last concert at NHK Hall on December 20.
The band resumed activities at a concert on December 28, 2015 at Zepp DiverCity in Tokyo.
Ethiosciapus is a genus of flies in the family Dolichopodidae.
Missouri Route 73 is a short state highway in southwest Missouri.
It runs from an intersection with U.S. Route 65 in the northern part of Buffalo in Dallas County to U.S. Route 54 near Macks Creek in Camden County.
The route is two lanes for its entire length.
The term Barbary Coast (also Barbary, Berbery or Berber Coast) was used by Europeans from the 16th century to the early 19th to refer to the coastal regions of North Africa inhabited by Berber people.
Today this land is part of the modern nations of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia and Libya.
The English term "Barbary" (and its European varieties: Barbaria, Berbérie, etc.)
could refer to all the Berber lands whether coastal or not, as seen in European geographical and political maps published during the 17th–20th centuries.The name derives from the Berber people of  North Africa, from Greek Bàrbaroi (Βάρβαροι) and the Arabic Barbar ( بربر ), meaning "barbaric".
In the West, the name commonly evoked the Barbary pirates and Barbary slave traders based on that coast—who attacked ships and coastal settlements in the Mediterranean Sea and eastern North Atlantic Ocean, and captured and traded slaves or goods from Europe, America and sub-Saharan Africa.
These actions finally provoked the Barbary Wars of the early 19th century.
The "self-elimination of Parliament" (German: Selbstausschaltung des Parlaments) was an event that occurred in Austria on March 4, 1933, when all three presidents of the National Council resigned after irregularities occurred during a session concerning a strike by the railway workers.
The then Chancellor of Austria Engelbert Dollfuss from the Christian Social party, which was dissolved and succeeded by the Fatherland Front on May 20, 1933, seized the opportunity to create an authoritarian government.
Adalia bipunctata, commonly known as the two-spot ladybird, two-spotted ladybug or two-spotted lady beetle, is a carnivorous beetle of the family Coccinellidae that is found throughout the holarctic region.
It is very common in western and central Europe.
It is also native to North America but it has heavily declined in many states and provinces.
It is commonly introduced and imported as a biological control agent.
The winery that produces the wine Chianti Classico operates within the walls of the Castello di Volpaia, a fortified village of medieval origin.
The first document in which the village was clearly mentioned was written at Cintoia, another small village about 12 miles (19 kilometres) south of Florence, on April 21, 1172.
It notes that the brothers Franculus and Galfredus da Cintoia, after having obtained the consent of their father and of "Liquiritia, uxor Franculi" (wife of Franculus), have obtained a loan of 28 silver pounds from Spinello da Montegrossoli.
Their possessions, situated in the "court and castle of Vulpaio," were offered as security for repayment of the loan.
The document was published by L. Pagliai in che Regesta Chartarum Italiae (page 217).
Truthwall is a hamlet southeast of Crowlas in the civil parish of Ludgvan, west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
(Another settlement by the name of Truthwall is situated on the B3306 between St Just and Pendeen in west Cornwall OS SW3680432465.)
In the Domesday Book of 1086 Truthwall was held by the church of St. Michael i.e.
the Priory of St Michael's Mount.
Before 1066 it had been held by Brictmer.
There were 2 hides of land which never paid tax and land for 8 ploughs.
There were 1 plough, 1 villein, 2 smallholders, 10 acres of pasture, 4 cattle and 60 sheep.
The value of the manor was £1 sterling.
One of the hides of land (valued at £1 though it had formerly been worth £2) had been taken away by Robert, Count of Mortain; this land was held by Blohin from the count.
There was land for 8 ploughs.
There were 4 ploughs, 7 villeins, 7 smallholders, 2 acres of meadow, 60 acres of pasture, 4 cows, 2 pigs and 50 sheep.
Aldborough is a village in the civil parish of Aldborugh and Thurgarton, in the English county of Norfolk.
It is situated about eight miles (13 km) south of Cromer.
The civil parish has an area of 7.15 square kilometres and in 2001 had a population of 567 in 259 households, the population increasing to 578 at the 2011 Census.
For the purposes of local government, the parish falls within the area of the district of North Norfolk.
César E. Chávez High School is a secondary school located at 8501 Howard Drive in the Allendale neighborhood in Houston, Texas, United States.The school is part of the Houston Independent School District, and serves grades nine through twelve.
Chavez serves several areas outside the 610 Loop in southeast Houston, including the neighborhoods of Glenbrook Valley, Gulf Freeway Oaks, and Park Place.
Chavez High School serves a mainly Hispanic population located near Hobby Airport.
The school is named for civil rights activist Cesar E. Chavez.
HISD's Environmental Science magnet program is offered at Chavez.
The school's principal (as of June 2013) is Rene Sanchez.
The "Lobo" (Spanish for "wolf") is the school's official mascot.
The school became an International Baccalaureate school which started offering Diploma Programme classes in 2017-2018.
In Greek mythology, Theia (; Ancient Greek: Θεία, translit.
Theía, also rendered Thea or Thia), also called Euryphaessa "wide-shining", is a Titaness.
Her brother/consort is Hyperion, a Titan and god of the sun, and together they are the parents of Helios (the Sun), Selene (the Moon), and Eos (the Dawn).
She may be the same with Aethra, the consort of Hyperion and mother of his children in some accounts.
Thomas Jamison (1752/1753 – 25 January 1811) was a prominent surgeon, government official, mercantile trader and land owner of Sydney.
Jamison was also a member of the First Fleet expedition of 11 ships which founded the Australian colony of New South Wales in 1788.
Twenty years later he participated in the Rum Rebellion, which deposed the colony's governor, William Bligh.
Graceway Sports Complex is a multi-use sporting facilities in Providenciales, Turks and Caicos Islands.
It is currently used for indoor and outdoor activities including athletics, soccer, basketball, volleyball, tennis, squash, hockey and martial arts.
Also rugby union matches played at Astroturf Football Field.
The England Open  is a darts tournament that has been held annually since 1995.
Kayadibi is a village in the District of Kozluk, Batman Province, Turkey.
As of 2011 it had a population of 231  people.
WWOT is the Top 40 music formatted radio station in Altoona, Pennsylvania.
The station is owned by Forever Broadcasting and is related with Hot 92 in Johnstown, Pennsylvania.
The station has an ERP of 3,000 Watts.
Mimacronia dinagatensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was described by Karl-Ernst Hüdepohl in 1995.
It is known from the Philippines.
Jane Dubin is an American producer of Broadway plays.
She won a Tony Award in 2009 for The Norman Conquests, for the Best Broadway Play Revival of 2009.
Her productions have won Tony Awards for An American in Paris (2015) as well as Ann and Peter the Starcatcher.
She has worked as a board member with the Houses on the Moon theater company.
She is president of Double Play Connections.
She co-produced The Absolute Brightness of Leonard Pelkey which was nominated at the Lucille Lortel Awards in 2016 for best Solo Show.
At age 40, she underwent an abrupt career transformation, going from investment management to the "big, shining lights of Broadway"; she started out by helping with the business end of productions, and gradually became a full-fledged Broadway producer.
Dubin is a graduate of the University of Rochester and worked for years as an actuary before becoming a Broadway producer.
Mark William Lippert (born February 28, 1973) is a U.S. public servant who was the United States Ambassador to South Korea from 2014 to 2017.
Prior to his tour as Ambassador, Lippert had served as Chief of Staff for Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, Chief of Staff for the National Security Council, and Assistant Secretary of Defense for Asian and Pacific Security Affairs in the Department of Defense.
On March 5, 2015, he was attacked by a man wielding a knife in South Korea.His tenure in Seoul was widely praised in the U.S. and in Korea.
Foreign Minister of the Republic of Korea called Lippert the best ever U.S.
Ambassador to Korea stating "You left an indelible mark in the history of the U.S.–Korea alliance.
... Our alliance relationship is the best it has ever been and you are the best ever American ambassador I have ever seen."
The top Asia advisor in the George W. Bush White House stated "Ambassador Mark Lippert leaves Seoul as the most popular U.S.
Ambassador in the history of U.S.–Korea relations.
...
This reflects ... his effectiveness at advancing U.S. interests while simultaneously strengthening bonds between the two countries.
... Lippert enjoy[ed] near unanimous bipartisan support and admiration from Democrats and Republicans for the job he has done."
In moral philosophy, deontological ethics or deontology (from Greek δέον, deon, "obligation, duty")
is the normative ethical theory that the morality of an action should be based on whether that action itself is right or wrong under a series of rules, rather than based on the consequences of the action.It is sometimes described as duty-, obligation- or rule-based ethics, because rules "bind one to one's duty".
Deontological ethics is commonly contrasted to consequentialism, virtue ethics, and pragmatic ethics.
In this terminology, action is more important than the consequences.
It is an ethical framework that depends on the predefined sets of rules and policies for the proper functioning of a system in the environment.
The deontology is simply based on the checklist which includes certain rules to be followed while performing a particular task.
According to this framework, the work is considered virtuous only if this checklist is completed.
This procedure is very simple to implement and understand.
Minimum time is consumed to decide between right and wrong.
However, its simplicity ignores the consequences of the decision taken under this approach.
The term deontological was first used to describe the current, specialised definition by C. D. Broad in his 1930 book, Five Types of Ethical Theory Older usage of the term goes back to Jeremy Bentham, who coined it before 1816 as a synonym of Dicastic or Censorial Ethics (i.e.
ethics based on judgement).
The more general sense of the word is retained in French, especially in the term code de déontologie (ethical code), in the context of professional ethics.
Depending on the system of deontological ethics under consideration, a moral obligation may arise from an external or internal source, such as a set of rules inherent to the universe (ethical naturalism), religious law, or a set of personal or cultural values (any of which may be in conflict with personal desires).
Typhis aculeatus is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Eslamabad (Persian: اسلام اباد‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 997, in 224 families.
The Indian white-eye (Zosterops palpebrosus), formerly the Oriental white-eye, is a small passerine bird in the white-eye family.
It is a resident breeder in open woodland on the Indian subcontinent.
They forage in small groups, feeding on nectar and small insects.
They are easily identified by the distinctive white eye-ring and overall yellowish upperparts.
The range previously extended eastwards to Southeast Asia, Indonesia and Malaysia but when the taxa in these regions were assigned to other species, the English name was changed.
The Valea Largă River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
The River Detectives were a folk rock duo from Craigneuk in Wishaw, Scotland.
The duo, formed in 1985, comprised Sam Corry (vocals, guitar, harmonica) and Dan O'Neil (vocals, guitar, drums).
The River Detectives have released three albums to date and had a UK Top 40 hit with their song, "Chains".
Fairpark Football Club, nicknamed the Lions, is an Australian rules football team.
It is based in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia and is part of the Eastern Football League.
Timberneck is a historic home located near Wicomico, Gloucester County, Virginia.
It was built about 1810, and is a two-story, three bay, gable roofed frame dwelling in the Georgian style.
The main house was enlarged by the addition of a frame wing in the mid-19th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The Police Act 1967 (Malay: Akta Polis 1967) is the Act of Parliament governing which governs the constitution, control, employment, recruitment, funds, discipline, duties, and powers of the Royal Malaysia Police including Royal Malaysia Police Reserve and the Royal Malaysia Police Cadet Corps.
It was first enacted in 1967 (Act 41 of 1967) and then revised in 1988 as Act 344 of 1988.
To date, there have been several attempts of amendments for the Police Act to be more in line with the internationally accepted human rights practices.
The 2010 congressional elections in Kansas were held on November 2, 2010, and determined who would represent the state of Kansas in the United States House of Representatives.
Kansas has four seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census.
Representatives are elected for two-year terms; the elected served in the 112th Congress from January 3, 2011 until January 3, 2013.
Rustai-ye Shahid Saidi (Persian: روستاي شهيد سعيدي‎, also Romanized as Rūstāī-ye Shahīd Sa‘īdī; also known as Shahīd Sa‘īdī) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 287, in 62 families.
This is a list of villages in Smolyan Province, Bulgaria.
Guillaume Bottazzi (French, born in 1971) is a French visual artist.
First Dates Canada is the Canadian version of the international reality television series First Dates.
The Star Plaza Theatre (formerly known as the Holiday Star Theatre) was a live music venue located in Merrillville, Indiana.
The theatre is a 3,400-seat intimate venue with two seating levels in a semicircle around the stage.
The Main Floor Level seats 2,000 people, and the Mezzanine Level, which overhangs the main level about midway, seats 1,400.
The furthest seat in the auditorium is 120 feet from the stage.
The Star Plaza Theatre closed on December 17, 2017 after its final show with the only group to perform every year that the theater was open, The Oak Ridge Boys.
The final song sung on the stage was "Amazing Grace".
Demolition lasted throughout summer 2018.Entertainers appearing there have included Christina Aguilera, Anita Baker, The Beach Boys, Tony Bennett, Garth Brooks, Captain & Tennille, Ray Charles,  Kenny Chesney, Phil Collins, Perry Como, Alice Cooper, Bill Cosby, Miles Davis, Sammy Davis, Jr., Ellen DeGeneres,  John Denver, Bob Dylan, Jamie Foxx, Aretha Franklin, Mitzi Gaynor, Bob Hope, Whitney Houston, Jennifer Hudson, Tom Jones, R. Kelly, B.B.
King, Gladys Knight, Patti LaBelle, Jay Leno, Liberace, Barry Manilow,  Reba McEntire, Bette Midler,  Liza Minnelli, The Monkees, Wayne Newton, Dolly Parton, Richard Pryor, REO Speedwagon, Joan Rivers, Kenny Rogers, Diana Ross, Jerry Seinfeld, Red Skelton, Donna Summer, James Taylor,  The Temptations, Tina Turner, Luther Vandross,  Dionne Warwick, Andy Williams, "Weird Al" Yankovic, ZZ Top and many more.
The 2010–11 Toluca season was the 64th professional season of Mexico's top-flight football league.
The season is split into two tournaments—the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura—each with identical formats and each contested by the same eighteen teams.
Cruz Azul will begin their season on July 25, 2010 against UNAM, Toluca will play thei home games on Sundays at noon, local time.
A dielectric resonator  is a piece of dielectric (nonconductive) material, usually ceramic, that is designed to function as a resonator for radio waves, generally in the microwave and millimeter wave bands.
The microwaves are confined inside the resonator material by the abrupt change in permittivity at the surface, and bounce back and forth between the sides.
At certain frequencies, the resonant frequencies, the microwaves form standing waves in the resonator, oscillating with large amplitudes.
Dielectric resonators generally consist of a "puck" of ceramic that has a large dielectric constant and a low dissipation factor.
The resonant frequency is determined by the overall physical dimensions of the resonator and the dielectric constant of the material.
Dielectric resonators function similarly to cavity resonators, hollow metal boxes that are also widely used as resonators at microwave frequencies, except that the radio waves are reflected by the large change in permittivity rather than by the conductivity of metal.
At millimeter wave frequencies, metal surfaces become lossy reflectors, so dielectric resonators are used at these frequencies.
Dielectric resonators' main use is in millimeter-wave electronic oscillators (dielectric resonator oscillator, DRO) to control the frequency of the radio waves generated.
They are also used as bandpass filters as well as antennas.
Julia Shalett Vinograd (December 11, 1943 – December 5, 2018) was a poet.
She is well known as "The Bubble Lady" to the Telegraph Avenue community of Berkeley, California, a moniker she gained from blowing bubbles at the People's Park demonstrations in 1969.
Vinograd is depicted blowing bubbles in the People's Park Mural off of Telegraph Avenue in Berkeley.She became part of the "street culture" of Berkeley beginning in the 1960s, often called a "street poet".
Her work has been included in a number of anthologies, including Berkeley!
A Literary Tribute.
Round Grove is an unincorporated community in Lawrence County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
The Lo Nuestro Award for Regional Mexican Male Artist of the Year  is an award presented annually by American network Univision.
The accolade was established to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music.
The nominees and winners were originally selected by a voting poll conducted among program directors of Spanish-language radio stations in the United States and also based on chart performance on Billboard Latin music charts, with the results being tabulated and certified by the accounting firm Deloitte.
At the present time, the winners are selected by the audience through an online survey.
The trophy awarded is shaped in the form of a treble clef.
Prior to 1992, the award was known as Regional Mexican Artist of the Year, until the category was split to form this award and the Regional Mexican Female Artist of the Year award.
The award was first presented to Mexican singer Vicente Fernández in 1992.
Mexican performers Marco Antonio Solis and Espinoza Paz hold the record for the most awards with 4 each.
Mexican singer Julión Álvarez is the most nominated performer without a win, with five unsuccessful nominations.
The Valea Putredă River is a tributary of the Şcheiu River, upstream of the city of Braşov, Romania.
Van Helsing is a 2004 American period horror film written and directed by Stephen Sommers.
It stars Hugh Jackman as vigilante monster hunter Van Helsing, and Kate Beckinsale as Anna Valerious.
The film is an homage and tribute to the Universal Horror Monster films from the 1930s and '40s (also produced by Universal Studios which were in turn based on novels by Bram Stoker and Mary Shelley), of which Sommers is a fan.
The eponymous character was inspired by the Dutch vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing from Irish author Bram Stoker's novel Dracula.
Distributed by Universal Pictures, the film includes a number of monsters such as Count Dracula, Frankenstein's monster, Mr. Hyde and werewolves in a way similar to the multi-monster movies that Universal produced in the 1940s, such as Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man, House of Frankenstein and House of Dracula.
Despite mostly negative reviews, the film grossed over $300 million worldwide.
Adenanthos is a genus of Australian native shrubs in the flowering plant family Proteaceae.
Variable in habit and leaf shape, it is the only genus in the family where solitary flowers are the norm.
It was discovered in 1791, and formally published by Jacques Labillardière in 1805.
The type species is Adenanthos cuneatus, and 33 species are recognised.
The genus is placed in subfamily Proteoideae, and is held to be most closely related to several South African genera.
Endemic to Australia, its centre of diversity is southwest Western Australia, where 31 species occur.
The other two species occur in South Australia and western Victoria (Australia).
They are mainly pollinated by birds.
Göttchesbach  is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Elemér Gyetvai is a male former international table tennis player from Hungary.
The 2013 German Darts Championship was the sixth of eight PDC European Tour events on the 2013 PDC Pro Tour.
The tournament took place at Halle 39 in Hildesheim, Germany, between 6–8 September 2013.
It featured a field of 64 players and £100,000 in prize money, with £20,000 going to the winner.
Dave Chisnall won his first European Tour title by defeating Peter Wright 6–2 in the final.
Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District (Persian: دهستان زز شرقي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 7,169, in 1,246 families.
The rural district has 62 villages.
Qerqereh-ye Malaki (Persian: قرقره ملكي‎, also Romanized as Qerqereh-ye Malakī; also known as Bonah-ye Malakī, Qarqareh, Qarqareh-ye Mehdī, and Qorqore) is a village in Sardarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 1,079, in 169 families.
Maasina is a village on the island of Upolu in Samoa.
It is situated on the north east coast of the island in the political district of Va'a-o-Fonoti.
The population was 131 in the 2006 Census.
Huilong Township (simplified Chinese: 回龙乡; traditional Chinese: 回龍鄉; pinyin: Huílóng Xiāng) is a township of Jiaokou County in southwestern Shanxi province, China, located 26 kilometres (16 mi) southeast of the county seat as the crow flies.
As of 2011, it has ten villages under its administration.
The signal recognition particle (SRP) is an abundant, cytosolic, universally conserved ribonucleoprotein (protein-RNA complex) that recognizes and targets specific proteins to the endoplasmic reticulum in eukaryotes and the plasma membrane in prokaryotes.
John Manley (c.1733–1793) was an officer in the Continental Navy and the United States Navy.
Manley was appointed commodore of "George Washington's fleet."
Lithuania, after declaring restoration of independence in 1918, sent its athletes to the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris for the first time.
At first it was considered to send 33 athletes, but then it was decided to limit the delegation to 13 soccer players and 2 cyclists.
The soccer players arrived in Paris only a day before the game was scheduled.
Lithuania debuted at the Olympic games on May 25, 1924 at 2:40pm (Paris time) when the match between Lithuanian and Swiss teams started.
Lithuania lost 9-0 (4-0).
The cyclists could not finish the 188 km race because of technical difficulties.
In 1928 Summer Olympics Lithuania had 12 representatives for 4 sports: 2 boxers, 4 cyclists, and 5 athletics and one weightlifter.
Juozas Vinča achieved the best results and took 5-7 place in boxing.
In 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, Lithuania did not participate due to economic difficulties and political controversies surrounding the National Olympic Committee.
In 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Lithuania was not invited by Germany due to Memelland/Klaipėda region controversy.
In 1940, Lithuania lost its independence to the USSR.
After the war, Lithuanians participated in the Olympic games with the Soviet Union team.
From 1952 to 1988, 86 Lithuanians participated in the Olympics and won 60 medals (57 in Summer and three in Winter Olympics).
After the restoration of its independence in 1990, Lithuania has not missed any Olympic games.
Raji is the first continuous human cell line of hematopoietic origin.
The Raji cell line is widely used as a transfection host,Raji cells were derived from the B-lymphocytes of an 11-year-old Nigerian Burkitt's lymphoma male patient in 1963 by R.J.V.
Pulvertaft.The Raji cell line is categorized as lymphoblast-like.
The culture medium used to grow Raji cells is RPMI supplemented with serum.
Some characteristics of Raji cells include a lack of differentiation, illustrated by the formation of large aggregations of hundreds of individual cells.
The cells are relatively large in diameter (5-8 μm), have irregular indented nuclei, and almost extensive cytoplasm with free ribosomes which tend to clump.
Raji cells grow as single, non-motile, free-floating (non-adhesion) individuals or doublets to glass.
Some cells look elongated, pear-shaped with larger, multinucleate, round cells.The Raji cell line produces an unusual strain of Epstein-Barr virus, which both transforms cord blood lymphocytes and induces early antigens in the cells.
Translocations between chromosomes 8 and 22 have occurred in all three variations of the Raji cell line, but some cells synthesize immunoglobulin M with light chains of the kappa type, in contrast to the usual concordance between a translocation involving chromosome 22 and lambda chain synthesis.
Both kappa genes and one lambda gene are rearranged.
These findings indicate either that translocation may occur as a separate event from immunoglobulin gene rearrangement or that the proposed hierarchical sequence of immunoglobulin gene rearrangements is not always adhered to.
The data also imply that in cells containing a translocation between the long arm of chromosome 8 and a chromosome bearing an immunoglobulin gene, alteration of cellular myc expression may occur regardless of the immunoglobulin gene that is expressed.
The cells grow in a suspension, are diploid, and are lymphoblastoid in morphology.
Hinduism (힌두교 Hindugyo) is practiced among South Korea's small Indian and Nepali immigrant community.
However, Hindu traditions such as Yoga and Vedanta have attracted interest among young Koreans.
Hindu temples in South Korea are mostly concentrated in Gyeonggi Province and the metropolitan city of Seoul.
Here is a list of Hindu temples in South Korea:
Shigeo Ogata (緒方 茂生, Ogata Shigeo) (born October 4, 1968, in Saga) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Japan.
He represented his native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984.
His best Olympic result was the 5th place (3:49.91) in the Men's 4×100 metres Medley Relay event at the 1988 Summer Olympics, alongside Daichi Suzuki, Hironobu Nagahata and Hiroshi Miura.
Athletics competitions at the 2014 Micronesian Games were held at the Pohnpei Track and Field in Palikir, Pohnpei, between July 21–24, 2014.A total of 38 events were contested, 19 by men and 19 by women.
Col. Charles S. Hamilton (May 27, 1882 – June 27, 1968), of Washington, D.C., was noted philatelist who served in the United States Army during the Mexican Revolution.
This page details the process of qualifying for the 1962 African Cup of Nations.
9 African nations initially entered the competition.
Ethiopia and Egypt both automatically qualified as the host country and title holders respectively.
Morocco would withdraw before play began, thus leaving only 7 teams vying for the remaining two spots in the finals.
Operation Overdrive is the name of a series of improvement programmes carried out by Arriva in their UK bus operations.
The original Operation Overdrive was done by Arriva Southern Counties in the Medway Towns (Kent) in 2004, with further operations occurring in Maidstone (Kent), Merseyside, Leicestershire, County Durham, and Southend-on-Sea (Essex).
Michael Hawley (born 18 November 1961) is an educator, artist and researcher working in the field of digital media.
Previously at MIT’s Media Laboratory where he was a professor and held the Alexander W. Dreyfoos, Jr. endowed chair, Hawley is the founder or co-founder of several major research programs and projects including MIT's GO Expeditions program, Things That Think, Toys of Tomorrow, Counter Intelligence (a culinary research effort), and founder of the nonprofit organization Friendly Planet.
He notably was the scientific director of the American Expedition on Mount Everest in 1998, one of the first major scientific expeditions on Everest.
Hawley's work has been featured in major media such as National Geographic, Time, the New York Times, and on numerous television networks.
His work at MIT has, in his own words, “sought to creatively stretch digital infrastructures, embedding intelligence into all sorts of artifacts and advancing the web of communications.”
Bizarro is a single-panel cartoon written and drawn by cartoonist Dan Piraro.
Hyporhamphus affinis, the tropical halfbeak, tropical garfish, insular halfbeak or coral reef halfbeak, is a species of schooling marine fish from the family Hemiramphidae.
It is distributed through the Indo-Pacific regions and has been recorded in the Mediterranean Sea which it reached through the Suez Canal.
NNPDF is the acronym used to identify the parton distribution functions from the NNPDF Collaboration.
NNPDF parton densities are 
extracted from global fits to data based on a combination of a Monte Carlo method for uncertainty estimation and the use of 
neural networks as basic interpolating functions.
Trenggalek is a regency (kabupaten) in East Java, Indonesia.
The central government is located in Trenggalek Kota, which literally means "Trenggalek City".
This regency has an area of 1,261.40 km2 an has a population of 674,521 residents as of 2010.
It is located on the southern shore of East Java and is surrounded by three regencies: Ponorogo to the northwest; Pacitan to the southwest; and Tulungagung to the east.
A gånglåt is a category of Swedish traditional folk music; a fiddle-tune in an easy, 44 or 24 march meter.
The name in Swedish means "walking tune", and the traditional tempo is that of a stately walk.
Not to be referred to/or confused with a march when this is spoken of in Swedish in the traditional genre.
A gånglåt resembles a slow Irish reel in structure, with two (or, more rarely, three) 16-bar strains, each repeated twice, in the form AABB.
Often the second A and B differs slightly in the end compared to the first instance.
The Swedish folk fiddle repertoire contains hundreds of traditional tunes in this form.
They are often performed by several fiddlers (see: spelmanslag) in multiple-part harmony.
Two of the most well known gånglåts are Gärdebylåten and Äppelbo gånglåt.
Sabdalpur is a village in Habra II CD Block in Barasat Sadar subdivision of North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India.
David Darrell Hunter (born September 19, 1989) is a former American football defensive tackle.
Dasun Paranavithana is a Sri Lankan international footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Air Force in the Sri Lanka Football Premier League.
This is a list of college basketball games televised on ESPN's Saturday Primetime since it debuted on January 22, 2005.
The Men's 4 x 100 metre medley at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships was held at the Tollcross International Swimming Centre in Glasgow, United Kingdom from 13-17 July.
As with other disability relay events, the medley works on a points system whereby the classification numbers of each swimmer are totaled to give a number no higher than 34.
Maksymilian Rogalski is a Polish former footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder..
Frameries (Picard: Framrie) is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
The municipality consists of the following sub-municipalities: Frameries proper, Eugies, La Bouverie, Noirchain, and Sars-la-Bruyère.
Dimmuborgir (dimmu "dark", borgir "cities" or "forts", "castles"); pronounced [ˈd̥ɪmːʏˌb̥ɔrg̊ɪr̥]) is a large area of unusually shaped lava fields east of Mývatn in Iceland.
The Dimmuborgir area is composed of various volcanic caves and rock formations, reminiscent of an ancient collapsed citadel (hence the name).
The dramatic structures are one of Iceland's most popular natural tourist attractions.
Tolombeh-ye Ashayir Manzari Tavakkoli (Persian: تلمبه عشايرمنظري توکلي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAshāyīr Manẓarī Tavakkolī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 87, in 19 families.
Lalaquiz District is one of eight districts of Huancabamba Province, Peru.
Castro Coleman aka "Mr. Sipp The Mississippi Blues Child" (born August 25, 1976) is an American blues singer, musician, songwriter and guitarist.
He was the 2014 International Blues Challenge winner.
Torridal Church (Norwegian: Torridal kirke) is a parish church in Kristiansand municipality in Vest-Agder county, Norway.
It is located in the village of Aukland, just south of the village of Mosby and just north of the village of Strai, on the west shore of the river Otra.
The church is part of the Torridal parish in the Kristiansand arch-deanery in the Diocese of Agder og Telemark.
The white church was built in 1978 using expanded clay aggregate.
It seats about 215 people.
The Israeli Basketball Premier League MVP, or Israeli Basketball Super League MVP, is an annual basketball award that is presented to the most valuable player in a given season of the Israeli Basketball Premier League, which is the top-tier level professional basketball league in Israel.
The National Union of Freedom Fighters (NUFF) was an armed revolutionary group in Trinidad and Tobago.
Active in the 1970s, the group tried to stir up popular revolt against Eric Williams and the People's National Movement government in the wake of the failed Black Power Revolution of 1970
Ma Hogan's New Boarder was a 1915 film directed by Raymond Longford starring Charlie Chaplin impersonator Charles Evans.
In the movie the lead "displays his antics and mannerisms.
"It was one of Longford's few films not to feature Lottie Lyell and is considered a lost film.
Pelton Mill is a historic carpet mill located at Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County, New York.
It was built about 1834 and rebuilt after the fire of 1854.
It is a ​4 1⁄2-story, three-bay brick building with a gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Bisco Hatori (葉鳥ビスコ, Hatori Bisuko, born August 30, 1975) is a Japanese manga artist.
She is well known for her series Ouran High School Host Club.
Pig farming is the raising and breeding of domestic pigs as livestock, and is a branch of animal husbandry.
Pigs are farmed principally for food (e.g.
pork, bacon, gammon) or sometimes skinned.
Pigs are amenable to many different styles of farming: intensive commercial units, commercial free range enterprises, or extensive farming (being allowed to wander around a village, town or city, or tethered in a simple shelter or kept in a pen outside the owner’s house).
Historically, farm pigs were kept in small numbers and were closely associated with the residence of the owner, or in the same village or town.
They were valued as a source of meat and fat, and for their ability to convert inedible food into meat, and were often fed household food waste when kept on a homestead.
Pigs have been farmed to dispose of municipal garbage on a large scale.All these forms of pig farm are in use today.
In developed nations, commercial farms house thousands of pigs in climate-controlled buildings.
Pigs are a popular form of livestock, with more than one billion pigs butchered each year worldwide, 100 million of them in the USA.
The majority of pigs are used for human food but also supply skin, fat and other materials for use as clothing, ingredients for processed foods, cosmetics, and medical use.The activities on a pig farm depend on the husbandry style of the farmer, and range from very little intervention (as when pigs are allowed to roam villages or towns and dispose of garbage) to intensive systems where the pigs are contained in a building for the majority of their lives.
Each pig farm will tend to adapt to the local conditions and food supplies and fit their practices to their specific situation.
The following factors can influence the type of pig farms in any given region:

Available food supply suitable for pigs
The ability to deal with manure or other outputs from the pig operation
Local beliefs or traditions, including religion
The breed or type of pig available to the farm
Local diseases or conditions that affect pig growth or fecundity
Local requirements, including government zoning and/or land use laws
Local and global market conditions and demand
Edgeworth is an English toponymic surname.
It probably derives from Edgeworth in Gloucestershire, but the name is long established in Ireland, where it is claimed that the family settled in County Longford in 1583.Notable people with the surname include:

Richard Lovell Edgeworth (1744–1817), Anglo-Irish scientist, inventor, writer and educator, father of Maria Edgeworth and Michael Pakenham Edgeworth
His son Michael Pakenham Edgeworth (1812–1881), botanist
His daughter Maria Edgeworth (1767–1849), novelist
His grandson Francis Ysidro Edgeworth (1845–1926), statistician and economist
Henry Essex Edgeworth (1745–1807), Irish Catholic priest and confessor of Louis XVI
Kenneth Edgeworth (1880–1972), Irish astronomer, economist and engineerFictional characters:

Miles Edgeworth, character from the Ace Attorney video game series
Brandi Brandt (born November 2, 1968) is an American model and actress, who was Playboy's Playmate of the Month for October 1987.
Camillo Serafini was an Italian Marquis and the only Governor of Vatican City from 11 February 1929 – 31 March 1952.
He was a noted numismatist.
The Marquis and Cardinal Domenico Serafini, Prefect of Propagation of the Faith, belonged to the same family.
Gunnar Gunnarsson (born 2 June 1961) is an Icelandic former handball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
He was known for his speed and agility across the court.
Battle of Szack (Shatsk) was one of the major battles between the Polish Army and the Red Army fought in 1939 in the beginning of the Second World War.
George Jackson (January 9, 1757 – May 17, 1831) was an American farmer, lawyer, and politician.
Kingsley Ehizibue  (born 25 May 1995) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a right back for PEC Zwolle.
Born in Germany and raised in the Netherlands, Ehizibue is of Nigerian descent.
The Gulabi Gang (from Hindi gulabi, "pink") is a vigilante group.
The group first appeared in Banda district, Uttar Pradesh, as a response to widespread domestic abuse and other violence against women.
It was previously commanded by Sampat Pal.
The group consists of women between 18 and 60 years old.
It is reported to have spread and since 2010.It has been active across North India, both on the streets and in local politics.
Eustacio Ylagan (March 29, 1911 – December 4, 2000) better known as his stage name, Tito Arévalo was a Filipino actor and musician.
Ehugbo sometimes called Afikpo, is the second largest urban area in Ebonyi State, Nigeria.
It is part of Afikpo.
It is the headquarters of the Afikpo North Local Government Area.
It is situated in the southern part of Ebonyi State and is bordered to the north by the town of Akpoha, to the south by Unwana, to the south west by Edda in Afikpo South LGA, to the east by the Cross River and to the west by Amasiri in Afikpo North LGA.
Afikpo spans an area approximately 164 square kilometers in size.
It is located on 6 degrees north latitude and 8 degrees east longitude.
It occupies an area of about 64 square miles (164 km2).
Afikpo is a hilly area despite occupying a region low in altitude, which rises 350 feet above sea level.
It is a transitional area between open grassland and tropical forest and has an average annual rainfall of seventy-seven inches (198 cm.)
The population of Afikpo is estimated at 156,611, according to the Nigerian 2006 Census.
Igbo traditional centre
Afikpo is a centre of ancient Igbo tradition.
Ceremonial (now antique) masks have been carefully preserved by the state tourism board.
Afikpo is an ancient city-state.
Several archaeological findings support the claim that Afikpo civilisation existed as far back as the Neolithic age.
There is a rite of passage for every male child from Afikpo.
This entails initiation into the Ogo cult.
It is shrouded in secrecy and mystery, as women are not let into the workings of the cult.
This confers adulthood to the  male child.
Receptor-type tyrosine-protein phosphatase gamma is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the PTPRG gene.The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the protein tyrosine phosphatase (PTP) family.
PTPs are known to be signaling molecules that regulate a variety of cellular processes including cell growth, differentiation, mitotic cycle, and oncogenic transformation.
This PTP possesses an extracellular region, a single transmembrane region, and two tandem intracytoplasmic catalytic domains, and thus represents a receptor-type PTP.
The extracellular region of this PTP contains a carbonic anhydrase-like (CAH) domain, which is also found in the extracellular region of PTPRBETA/ZETA.
This gene is located in a chromosomal region that is frequently deleted in renal cell carcinoma and lung carcinoma, thus is thought to be a candidate tumor suppressor gene.
Rgotina is a village in the municipality of Zaječar, Serbia.
According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1721 people.
Inner Urge is an album by guitarist Larry Coryell which was recorded in 2000 and released on the HighNote label the following year.
The following events occurred in May 1942:
Mao Bangchu or Mow Pang Tzu (Chinese: 毛邦初; also transcribed as Mow Pang Tsu, Mow Pong Tsu, or Mow Pang Chu; March 5, 1904 –  June 22, 1987) was a high-ranking military officer in the Chinese Chiang Kai-shek government.
He was the main figure in an embezzlement scandal that pitched him against the Taiwan government in the early fifties.
The charges and countercharges of fraud and misappropriation of millions of dollars, ensuing legal battles, and John-le-Carré-like plots involving private detectives, Mexican prisons, night-club dancers, US Congressmen, suspicious deaths, and the US Supreme Court, were covered in over 2,000 articles published in the US, China, Australia, India, and many other countries around the world.
Denis McCullough  (Irish: Donnchadha Mac Con Uladh; 24 January 1883 – 11 September 1968) was a prominent Irish nationalist political activist in the early 20th century, who served as President of the Irish Republican Brotherhood (IRB) from 1915 to 1916.
Manitou Passage is a navigable Lake Michigan waterway separating North and South Manitou Island from mainland Michigan.
The passage—used by deep-draft lake freighters—is located in Leelanau County and is within the Manitou Passage Underwater Preserve.
John F. Kennedy's president yacht S/Y Manitou was named after Manitou Passage.
The 1947 Men's World Weightlifting Championships were held in Philadelphia, United States from September 26 to September 27, 1947.
There were 39 men in action from 12 nations.
Brown State Fishing Lake (sometimes also known as Brown State Fishing Lake And Wildlife Area) is a protected area in Brown County, Kansas in the United States.
The lake is 62 acres (0.25 km²) in area and up to 13 feet (4 m) deep.
The area was formerly known as Brown County State Park, and is 8 miles (13 km) east of Hiawatha, Kansas.
The Renault Trezor is a two-seater electric concept car with autonomous capabilities built by Renault which was unveiled at the 2016 Paris Motor Show.
The car secured the Festival Automobile International's Most Beautiful Concept car of the Year 2016 award.
The car is expected to become a commercial product by 2020.
Not to be confused with the Australian Department of Aboriginal Affairs
The Department of Aboriginal Affairs (Western Australia) is the former government authority that is involved with the matters of the Aboriginal population of Western Australia.
Prior to the creation of the Aborigines Department in 1898, there had been an Aborigines Protection Board.The department took its current name in May 2013.
On 28 April 2017 Premier Mark McGowan announced that Western Australia's 41 departments would be reduced to 25 departments by 1 July 2017.
The departments of Planning, Lands, Heritage and the Aboriginal heritage and land functions of the Department of Aboriginal Affairs amalgamated on 1 July 2017, forming the Department of Planning, Lands and Heritage.
The Department of the Premier and Cabinet will assumed responsibility for Aboriginal Affairs policy.
Postgres-XL is a distributed relational database management system (RDBMS) software based on PostgreSQL.
It aims to provide feature parity with PostgreSQL while distributing the workload over a cluster.
The name "Postgres-XL" stands for "eXtensible Lattice".Postgres-XL is based on Postgres-XC, an earlier distributed PostgreSQL system developed by NTT Data and EnterpriseDB.
In 2012, the cloud database startup StormDB adopted Postgres-XC and developed some proprietary extensions and improvements to it.
In 2013, StormDB was acquired by TransLattice, and the improved software was open-sourced under the name "Postgres-XL" in 2014.
Since 2015, Postgres-XL development has also been supported by 2ndQuadrant.Postgres-XL provides cluster-wide consistent transaction snapshots via a central Global Transaction Manager (GTM) node.
It requires a fast interconnect between nodes, so Postgres-XL is not suited to geographically distributed clusters.
Larger queries can be split and parallelized between multiple nodes.
Individual database tables can be chosen to be fully replicated across the cluster (usually for smaller tables) or sharded between separate nodes (for write scalability).
The following units and commanders of the U.S. and Spanish armies fought at the Battle of San Juan Hill during the Spanish–American War on July 1, 1898.
Tsai Min-you (born 12 November 1986), better known as Evan Yo, is a Taiwanese Mandopop singer-songwriter.
He was signed by his management company at 14 and has been signed by Sony Music Taiwan since 2006.
He has released four albums and was nominated for Best New Artist in 2007 at the 18th Golden Melody Awards, Taiwan.Tsai graduated from the Music Department of National Taiwan Normal University.
He majored in the violin.
Peter Bullions (December 1791 – February 20, 1864) was a Scottish-born American Presbyterian minister and grammarian.
He was the author of several textbooks of English, Latin and Greek grammar as well as commentaries on Julius Caesar's Commentarii de Bello Gallico.
Azteca brevicornis is a species of ant in the genus Azteca.
Described by Mayr in 1878, the species is endemic to Brazil.
Rick Romley (Richard M. Romley) (born 1949), a Republican, was the County Attorney for Maricopa County, Arizona from 1989 to 2004.
Bungulla is a genus of Australian armored trapdoor spiders first described by Michael Gordon Rix, Robert J. Raven, Barbara York Main & Mark Stephen Harvey in 2017.
Zsófia Susányi (born 16 February 1992, in Szeged) is a Hungarian tennis player.
Susányi won one singles and two doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career.
On 25 October 2010, she reached her best singles ranking of world number 592.
On 18 July 2011, she peaked at world number 562 in the doubles rankings.
Susányi made four appearances for the Hungary Fed Cup team in 2009 and 2010.
João Varela is a settlement in the southern part of the island of Santiago, Cape Verde.
It is situated 5 km northeast of Cidade Velha and 9 km northwest of the capital Praia.
It is part of the municipality of Ribeira Grande de Santiago.
Kurów [ˈkuruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Stryszawa, 11 km (7 mi) west of Sucha Beskidzka, and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 700.
Friendly TV was a British television station, owned by Telecoms TV (previously Hi2).
Much of the channel's output was made up of interactive programmes and games which allowed the viewer to phone in or send an SMS message to take part in the programme.
When it launched in 2003, it was slated mainly by the Internet and got a mention in the press for its low quality, e.g.
most of the programming was devoted to an internet-based game called Brainbox, or a lengthy computer games show called GamerWeb, when there were supposed to be proper or other programmes, according to the station's EPG.
A notable incident occurred in May 2003 when presenters were accidentally broadcast alleging that Nicole Kidman was a lesbian.Shortly after the channel was launched it ran a number of wrestling shows including Irish Whip Wrestling, Frontier Wrestling Alliance, and Pro Wrestling Noah.
These were pilots for the TV station which was launched as The Wrestling Channel and later became The Fight Network.
The channel broadcast onto a number of Sky channels and was responsible for programmes such as Bikini Beach, Cash House, Stash the Cash, Vegas 247 and Live Roulette.
The channel closed on 6 January 2010, when the EPG slot was sold to the adult channel, Dirty Talk.
Claude Gervaise (1525–1583) was a French composer, editor and arranger of the Renaissance, who is mainly remembered both for his association with renowned printer Pierre Attaingnant, as well as for his instrumental music.
The Windsor Police Service is a police force originally established on July 1, 1867, to provide service to the City of Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
It succeeded the Royal Canadian Rifle Regiment.
The current chief of police is Al Frederick, appointed December 22, 2011.
Chief Frederick was appointed acting chief in 2011 when the Windsor force was embroiled in a controversy following the abrupt retirement of Chief Gary Smith amid allegations of brutality and other misconduct by his officers.
Frederick became the permanent chief the following year.
Farkas' lemma is a solvability  theorem  for a finite system of linear  inequalities  in mathematics.
It was originally proven by the Hungarian mathematician Gyula Farkas.
Farkas' lemma is the key result underpinning the linear programming duality and has played a central role in the development of mathematical optimization (alternatively, mathematical programming).
It is used amongst other things in the proof of the Karush–Kuhn–Tucker theorem in nonlinear programming.
Generalizations of the Farkas' lemma are about the solvability  theorem  for  convex  inequalities, i.e., infinite system of linear  inequalities.
Farkas' lemma belongs to a class of statements called "theorems of the alternative": a theorem stating that exactly one of two systems has a solution.
The National Bank of Commerce Building is a historic commercial building at 200 S. Pruett St. in downtown Paragould, Arkansas.
It is a two-story structure, built out of cut stone, with a center entrance recessed in a two-story opening with flanking Ionic columns.
This Classical Revival style building, probably the finest of its style in Greene County, and the least-altered bank building of the period in Paragould, was designed by the Memphis firm of Hankers and Cairns and was built in 1923.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
Lynchburg is an unincorporated community in Cass County, in the U.S. state of North Dakota.
Bay FM (Exmouth UK) is a community radio station, based in Exmouth, Devon, United Kingdom.
The station was launched on 11 September 2006 with a month-long trial FM broadcast, followed by a continuing series of annual trial FM broadcasts in the Exmouth area, coinciding with the Exmouth festival.
On 12 June 2010, Bay FM began a regular weekend online service.
This was increased to cover all weekday evenings.
The station’s online reach is worldwide.
For the week 10–18 September 2011, the station's online coverage was extended with full daytime and evening shows.
The extended coverage coincided with the Tour of Britain, the fifth stage of which finished in Exmouth on Thursday 15 September.
In April 2012, Bay FM were given the news by OFCOM that their application for a full-time community FM licence had been successful.
The station was launched full-time at mid-day on 29 March 2013 on 106.4 MHz FM.
The coverage of the station increased dramatically, covering a wider area that includes Budleigh Salterton, Otterton, Woodbury, Exminster, Kenton, Dawlish and Lympstone.
The station also reaches areas of Pennsylvania, Stoke Hill, Pinhoe, Sowton, Middlemoor, Digby and Countess Wear in Exeter.
Scalar processors represent a class of computer processors.
A scalar processor processes only one data item at a time, with typical data items being integers or floating point numbers.
A scalar processor is classified as a SISD processor (Single Instructions, Single Data) in Flynn's taxonomy.
Notre Jour Viendra OST is a 2010 album by the French artist SebastiAn.
It is the soundtrack to the film of the same name directed by Romain Gavras.
Alexis Mazurin (April 18, 1978 – October 20, 2005) was a Canadian comedian and radio personality, best known as one of the original hosts of CBC Radio 3.
Born in Fort St. John, British Columbia, Mazurin grew up in Penticton, and later studied journalism at the British Columbia Institute of Technology.
He subsequently joined CBC Radio, hosting the series Pass the Mic and Out There before joining CBC Radio 3 in 2003.
(At the time, CBC Radio 3 did not exist in its current form as a satellite radio network, but was a program on CBC Radio 2.)
While attending Burning Man in September 2005, Mazurin suffered a massive heart attack.
He was rushed to hospital in Reno, where he fell into a coma.
He was transferred to Vancouver's St. Paul's Hospital, where he remained in the coma until his death a month later.Mazurin was also a writer and performer with the Vancouver comedy troupe the Hot Sauce Posse, and was a practitioner of the martial art capoeira.With CBC Radio 3's launch on satellite radio in December 2005, the network's main studio in Vancouver was named the Alexis Mazurin Studio in his memory.
In 2006, on the first anniversary of his death, many of the network's staff wrote about their memories of Mazurin in the network's blog.
Major General Carl B. Jensen is a retired United States Marine Corps general officer whose last command was Marine Corps Installations East.
Jensen retired from active duty on July 22, 2011 after 36 years of service.
The Edinburgh congestion charge (also known as Edinburgh road tolls) was a proposed scheme of congestion pricing for Scotland's capital city.
It planned to reduce congestion by introducing a daily charge to enter a cordon within the inner city, with the money raised directed to fund improvements in public transport.
The scheme was the subject of intense public and political debate and ultimately rejected.
A referendum was held and nearly three quarters of respondents rejected the proposals.
Padmapadacharya (4th BCE) was an Indian philosopher, a follower of Adi Shankara.
Padmapāda's dates are unknown, but some poor modern scholarship places his life around the middle of the 8th century; similarly information about him comes mainly from hagiographies.
What is known for certain is that he was a direct disciple of Shankara, of whom he was a younger contemporary.
Padmapada was the first head of Puri Govardhana matha.
He is believed to have founded a math by name Thekke Matham in Thrissur, Kerala.
Keralites believe that he was a Nambuthiri belonging to Vemannillom, though according to textual sources he was from the Chola region in South India.
Padmapāda, together with Sureśvara, developed ideas that led to the founding of the Vivarana school of commentators.
The only surviving work of Padmapāda known to be authentic is the Pañcapādikā.
According to tradition, this was written in response to Shankara's request for a commentary on his own Brahmasūtrabhāsya, and once written was destroyed by a jealous uncle.
The surviving text is supposed to be what Shankara could recall of the commentary; certainly, all that survives of the work is an extended gloss on the first four aphorisms.
Padmapadacharya's life exemplifies the Guru-Sishya relationship.
For Padmapadacharya, the Guru is everything and the command of Guru is ultimate.
Once when he was on the opposite bank of a river, Sankara who was on the other side called him, and Padmapadacharya, without even thinking that he might be drowned in a swollen river began walking and lo!
behold !
a lotus appeared on every step that he would take and hold his feet from drowning - and that is why he came to be known as Padma-Pada - Lotus - Feet.
His devotion exemplifies the hoary relationship of Guru and Shishya.
Kevin Andre Jackson (born November 25, 1964 in Highland Falls, New York) is an American Olympic gold medalist wrestler and former professional mixed martial arts competitor.
After retiring from active competition he became the head wrestling coach at Iowa State University, having been hired in 2009 after Cael Sanderson moved to Penn State University.
Before joining Iowa State, Jackson was a four-time All-American, first for Louisiana State University and then for Iowa State, where he was the NCAA runner-up in 1987.
He stepped down from his position in 2017.
As a wrestler, he was an Olympic gold medalist freestyle wrestler, and a former mixed martial arts fighter.
He won a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
After retiring from competition, in 2001, Jackson became the U.S. national freestyle coach, based at the Olympic training center in Colorado Springs.
Christoph Leitgeb (born 14 April 1985) is an Austrian football midfielder currently playing in the Austrian Bundesliga for Red Bull Salzburg.
Leitgeb has represented his country at international level and took part in Euro 2008.
Michael Peter Skelly (born October 19, 1961) is a Houston renewable energy businessman and former Democratic candidate for Texas’s 7th congressional district (map) in the U.S. House of Representatives.
From 1999 to 2008, he served as the chief development officer for Horizon Wind Energy, the third largest wind company in the United States.
Skelly cofounded and served as president of Clean Line Energy Partners, an independent developer of high voltage direct current, long-haul transmission lines.
Aliabad-e Moshir (Persian: علي آباد مشير‎, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Moshīr; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 694, in 147 families.
Lucienne Boyer (18 August 1901 – 6 December 1983) was a French diseuse  and singer, best known for her song "Parlez-moi d'amour".
Her impresario was Bruno Coquatrix.
NAe São Paulo (pennant number A12) was a Clemenceau-class aircraft carrier in service with the Brazilian Navy.
São Paulo was first commissioned in 1963 by the French Navy as Foch and was transferred in 2000 to Brazil, where she became the new flagship of the Brazilian Navy.
IHS Jane's reported that during its career with the Brazilian Navy, São Paulo suffered from serviceability issues and never managed to operate for more than three months at a time without the need for repairs and maintenance.
On 14 February 2017, the navy announced the ship's demobilisation and subsequent decommissioning.
Chovot HaLevavot, or Ḥobot HaLebabot (Hebrew: חובות הלבבות‎; English: Duties of the Hearts), is the primary work of the Jewish rabbi and philosopher, Bahya ibn Paquda, full name Bahya ben Joseph ibn Pakuda.
Ibn Paquda is believed to have lived in Zaragoza, Spain in the first half of the eleventh century.It was written in Judeo-Arabic in the Hebrew alphabet circa 1040 under the title Book of Direction to the Duties of the Heart (كتاب الهداية الى فرائض القلوب‎), sometimes titled Guide to the Duties of the Heart, and translated into Hebrew by Judah ben Saul ibn Tibbon during 1161–80 under the title Chovot HaLevavot.
There was another contemporary translation by Joseph Kimhi but its complete text did not endure the test of time.
In 1973, Rabbi Yosef Kafih published his Hebrew translation from the original Arabic (the latter appearing aside his Hebrew translation).
Astrid of Sweden (17 November 1905 – 29 August 1935) was Queen of the Belgians as the first wife of King Leopold III.
By birth she was a princess of Sweden's royal House of Bernadotte.
She was queen for less than two years, dying in a car accident at age 29.
Her only daughter, Joséphine-Charlotte  later became Grand Duchess of Luxembourg while both of her sons, reigned as King of the Belgians.
Her grandsons include King Philippe of Belgium and Henri, Grand Duke of Luxembourg.
Astrid was also a maternal aunt of King Harald V of Norway.
William Edward Motzing Jr. (August 19, 1937 – January 30, 2014) was an American-born composer, conductor, arranger and trombonist best known for the award-winning film and television scores and gold and platinum pop album arrangements he wrote in Australia.
He was a jazz lecturer and the Director of Jazz Studies at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music over a period of 40 years.
The olfactory epithelium is a specialized epithelial tissue inside the nasal cavity that is involved in smell.
In humans, it measures
9 cm2 (3 centimeters by 3 centimeters) and lies on the roof of the nasal cavity about 7 cm above and behind the nostrils.
The olfactory epithelium is the part of the olfactory system directly responsible for detecting odors.
Migdal Ohr (Hebrew: מגדל אור‎, lit.
Tower of Light) is one of Israel's largest NGO's.
The main and additional two residential campuses along with 160 youth clubs provide educational frameworks and social guidance for over 10,000 children and teenagers from underprivileged and dysfunctional homes across Israel every day.
Migdal Ohr also runs community social programs, adult education programs, prisoner rehabilitation programs and soup kitchens that prepare 15,000 meals a day.Migdal Ohr has three residential campuses and 160 youth clubs.Migdal Ohr was founded by Israel Prize laureate Rabbi Yitzchak Dovid Grossman in 1972.
The school began with 18 students.
Since then, over 15,000 youngsters have graduated from the Migdal Ohr, an institution that  provides needy and immigrant children with housing, schooling, medical and dental care, clothing,  libraries, after school enrichment courses and vocational training.
The Alphabetum Romanum, by Felice Feliciano, published in 1463, was the first book demonstrating how to create Roman square capital letters geometrically based on the subdivision of a square.The codex, probably printed in Verona, is the first humanistic treatise on the construction of Roman capital letters.
It contains a complete Roman alphabet, two letters on each sheet, below which the rules for their design are given.
The final part includes a recipe for colors.
The original is hand-colored with text both in Italian and Latin with an epigram by Paolo Ramusio published in 1463 in Volume Codex Vaticanus Latinus 6852.
The original is preserved in the Vatican Apostolic Library.Many other books on the geometry of the capital Roman letters were written subsequently, such as De divina proportione 1497 by Luca Pacioli and the Champfleury by Geoffroy Tory in 1529.
The study of the creation of ancient Roman square capitals form of writing, became the template for modern Letter case.
D.J.
Magic Mike (born Michael Hampton) is one of the most pivotal Miami bass producers, and the first platinum selling recording artist from Orlando, Florida.
The Provincial Junior Hockey League (PJHL) is a Canadian junior ice hockey league spanning parts of Southern Ontario.
The PJHL is the third tier of the Ontario Hockey Association and is sanctioned by the Ontario Hockey Federation and Hockey Canada.
The league was formed in 2016 with the merging of eight Junior C leagues.
PJHL teams compete for the Clarence Schmalz Cup.
The 2000 Gael Linn Cup, the most important representative competition for elite level participants in the women's team field sport of camogie, was won by Connacht, who defeated Ulster in the final, played at Bohernabreena.
It was the only time these two provinces met in the final.
Therese Maher of Connacht and Siobhán Convery of Ulster were named Schwarzkopf senior and junior players of the tournament.
Arthur Leonard Long (1896–1954) was an Australian aviator.
He became the first person to cross the Bass Strait by air when he flew his Boulton Paul P.9 biplane from Stanley, Tasmania to Torquay, Victoria on 17 December 1919.Long was born in Forcett, Tasmania and served as a Lieutenant in the Australian Flying Corps in World War I.
He made the Bass Strait crossing a few months after being discharged.
A monument was erected by the Royal Historical Society of Victoria in 1926 to commemorate Long's flight.
Bangsund is a village in the municipality of Namsos in Trøndelag county, Norway.
It lies along the Løgnin arm of the Namsenfjorden, about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of the town of Namsos.
The villages of Klinga and Sævik lie to the northeast along the Norwegian County Road 17.The 0.66-square-kilometre (160-acre) village has a population (2018) of 925 and a population density of 1,402 inhabitants per square kilometre (3,630/sq mi).
Scaphyglottis fusiformis is a species of orchid found from Costa Rica to tropical South America.
Frank Wilde "Fritz" Henrich (May 8, 1899 – May 1, 1959) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball.
He played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1924.
Major General Robert Ebenezer Abossey Kotei (1935 – 26 June 1979) was a soldier, politician and track and field athlete.
He was once the Chief of Defence Staff of the Ghana Armed Forces and also a member of the Supreme Military Council which ruled Ghana between 1975 and 1979.
He was executed in 1979, following a military coup.
He also held the Ghanaian high jump record for many years.
Peter Lawrence Boyle (October 18, 1935 – December 12, 2006) was an American actor.
Known as a character actor, he played Frank Barone on the sitcom Everybody Loves Raymond and the comical monster in Mel Brooks' film spoof Young Frankenstein (1974).
He also starred in The Candidate.
Boyle, who won an Emmy Award in 1996 for a guest-starring role on the science-fiction drama The X-Files, won praise in both comedic and dramatic parts following his breakthrough performance in the 1970 film Joe.
John L. Scott Jr. (born October 21, 1953) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who has represented the Columbia-based 19th district of the South Carolina Senate since 2009.
He previously represented the Columbia-based 77th district of the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1991 to 2009.
He considered running for the Democratic nomination for the United States Senate in the 2014 special election.
Abacetus parvulus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae.
It was described by Klug in 1853.
The Chugush (Russian: Чугуш) is the highest mountain in Adygea, Russia, located in the Western Caucasus.
Its height is 3,238 metres (10,623 ft).
The mountain contains 10 glaciers covering an area of 1.2 km2.
One of the glaciers feeds the Kisha River flowing toward the Belaya River.
Katherine Sian Moennig (born December 29, 1977) is an American actress known for her role as Shane McCutcheon on The L Word (2004-09), as well as Jake Pratt on Young Americans (2000).
Moennig has played the role of Lena in the Showtime series Ray Donovan since 2013.
For his son, a member of the provincial parliament, see Thomas Miles Birkett.Thomas Birkett (February 1, 1844 – December 2, 1920) was mayor of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada in 1891  and a member of the House of Commons of Canada representing Ottawa City from 1900 to 1904.Birkett was born in Bytown (as Ottawa was known then) in 1844, the son of Miles Birkett and Elizabeth Wren, who came to Upper Canada from England.
At the age of 13, he became an apprentice to a local hardware store owner.
In 1866, he opened his own hardware store.
Birkett served on the school board from 1867 to 1871 and was an alderman on Ottawa City Council from 1873 to 1878.
During his term as mayor, electric streetcars were introduced in Ottawa.
In 1871, he married Mary Gallagher; after her death, he married Henrietta Gallagher, her stepsister, in 1904.
Birkett also served as president of the advisory board of the Dominion Building and Loan Association at Ottawa.
He was also a long-time member of the Masonic Order.
In 1900, he was named a trustee for the Ottawa Collegiate Institute.
He died in Ottawa of pneumonia in 1920.
He is buried at Beechwood Cemetery.
His former home, nicknamed Birkett's Castle, is now used as the Hungarian Embassy.
Triumph of the Will (German: Triumph des Willens) is a 1935 Nazi propaganda film directed, produced, edited, and co-written by Leni Riefenstahl.
It chronicles the 1934 Nazi Party Congress in Nuremberg, which was attended by more than 700,000 Nazi supporters.
The film contains excerpts from speeches given by Nazi leaders at the Congress, including Adolf Hitler, Rudolf Hess and Julius Streicher, interspersed with footage of massed Sturmabteilung (SA) and Schutzstaffel (SS) troops and public reaction.
Hitler commissioned the film and served as an unofficial executive producer; his name appears in the opening titles.
The film's overriding theme is the return of Germany as a great power, with Hitler as the leader who will bring glory to the nation.
Because the film was made after the 1934 Night of the Long Knives (on 30 June), many prominent Sturmabteilung (SA) members are absent—they were murdered in that Party purge, organised and orchestrated by Hitler to replace the SA with the Schutzstaffel (SS) as his main paramilitary force.
Triumph of the Will was released in 1935 and became a major example of film used as propaganda.
Riefenstahl's techniques—such as moving cameras, aerial photography, the use of long focus lenses to create a distorted perspective, and the revolutionary approach to the use of music and cinematography—have earned Triumph of the Will recognition as one of the greatest propaganda films in history.
Riefenstahl helped to stage the scenes, directing and rehearsing some of them at least fifty times.
Riefenstahl won several awards, not only in Germany but also in the United States, France, Sweden and other countries.
The film was popular in the Third Reich, and has continued to influence films, documentaries and commercials to this day.
In Germany, the film is not censored but the courts commonly classify it as Nazi propaganda which requires an educational context to public screenings.An earlier film by Riefenstahl—The Victory of Faith (Der Sieg des Glaubens)—showed Hitler and SA leader Ernst Röhm together at the 1933 Nazi party congress.
After Röhm's murder, the party attempted the destruction of all copies, leaving only one known to have survived in Britain.
The direction and sequencing of images is almost the same as that Riefenstahl used in Triumph of the Will a year later.
Frank Capra's seven-film series Why We Fight is said to have been directly inspired by, and the United States' response to, Triumph of the Will.
Clint Nicholas Baltazar Geronimo is a Filipino politician, he is the Vice-Mayor of Navotas, He is a former chairman of Navotas's SK Federation and the former National Vice Chairman of SK Federation of the Philippines, won as a member of Navotas City Council last 2007.
Iheyaspira is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Skeneidae.
Presidente Nicolau Lobato International Airport (IATA: DIL, ICAO: WPDL), formerly known as Comoro International Airport, is an international airport located in Dili, the capital of East Timor.
The airport was renamed after Nicolau dos Reis Lobato, an East Timorese politician and national hero.
The Nicholas-Beazley NB-3, or Barling NB-3, is a two seat, training aircraft of the 1920s.
Velino Selo is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Justin "Jussie" Smollett ( JUSS-ee, born June 21, 1982) is an American actor and singer.
He began his career as a child actor in 1987 acting in films including The Mighty Ducks (1992) and Rob Reiner's North (1994).
In 2015, Smollett portrayed musician Jamal Lyon in the Fox drama series Empire, a role which was hailed as groundbreaking for its positive depiction of a black gay man on television.
Smollett has also appeared in Ridley Scott's science fiction film Alien: Covenant (2017) as Ricks and in Marshall (2017) as Langston Hughes.
Smollett was indicted on February 20, 2019, for disorderly conduct consisting of allegedly paying two Nigerian-American brothers to stage a fake hate crime assault on him and filing a false police report.
Smollett's defense team reached a deal with prosecutors on March 26, 2019, in which all charges were dropped in return for Smollett performing community service and forfeiting his $10,000 bond.
On March 27, it was announced that the FBI is investigating as to why the charges were dismissed.
WZGM (1350 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a business talk radio format programming.
WZGM is licensed to Black Mountain, North Carolina, United States.
Dr. Anwar Ridhwan or Mohd Anwar Ridhwan (born 5 August 1949) is a Malaysian novelist and writer.
The Nalpathimala Grama Vikas Kendra (GVK) is the extension centre of the Mahatma Gandhi University, in India, at its main campus in Kottayam, Kerala.
The major activities of the Grama Vikas Kendra are centered on the village of Nalpathimala.
The Kendra was commissioned (on 31 March 1991) by the then Vice Chancellor, Dr. U. R. Ananthamurthy, with a vision ‘to add a chethana dimension to the chinthana preoccupations of the University’.Being an extension centre of the Mahatma Gandhi University, the Kendra put forth a paradigm for achieving Gramaswaraj through linking the campus with the community.
The Kendra is run by the Department of Adult Education, Extension and Field Outreach (ACEEFO) in association with National Service Scheme (NSS).
Dr. C. Thomas Abraham was instrumental in forming the idea of Grama Vikas Kendra, and shaping and transforming it as replicable model for campus-community partnership.
Amadou Morou (born 22 February 1983) is a Togolese footballer (midfielder) who plays for UKS SMS Łódź in the regionalized Polish Third League.
Morou previously played for Unia Janikowo in the Polish First League.
He was born in Lomé.
Ginigeme Francis Mbanefoh was the 11th Vice Chancellor of the University of Nigeria, Nsukka..
He was from Eziowelle, Idemili of Anambra State.
He succeeded Umaru Gomwalk].
He came in at a time when the University was said to have been in a deep seated crisis..
He was praised for his nearness to his people and his ability to give the institution's host community a sense of belonging, an act that earned him traditional titles from both his town and the Nsukka Zonal Council of Traditional Rulers.
His PhD thesis was title "Allocation of Road Funds in Nigeria: An Evaluation", issued in 1976.
He died on February 8, 2017.
His funeral at his country home of Eziowelle on May 5, 2017 was well attended by dignitaries from all over the federation.
The Melaka International Motorsport Circuit (MIMC; Malay: Litar Sukan Bermotor Antarabangsa Melaka) is a motorsport racetrack in Ayer Keroh, Melaka, Malaysia.
Sara Jordan Powell (born October 6, 1938) is an American gospel musician.
Her first works, "Touch Somebody's Life" and "When Jesus Comes," were released in 1972, and  got significant radio airtime.
She released an album that was produced by James Cleveland, "Touch Somebody's Life," which came out in 1975 on Savoy Records.
Powell released four more albums on that label: 1980's "I Must Tell Jesus", 1990's "Sara Jordan Powell" and "When Jesus Comes to Stay," and 1995's "The Soul of Sara Jordan Powell."
Subsequently, she released one album with Compendia Music Group that same year, "Live in Houston."
Her music has even been performed at the White House—in 1979 for President Jimmy Carter; she was joined by Chuck Berry, Billy Eckstine, Evelyn "Champagne" King, and Andraé Crouch.
President Ronald Reagan appointed her to serve on the Year of the Bible  Committee.
She later took the opportunity to minister to President Bill Clinton in Memphis, Tennessee, along with saxophonist Dr. Vernard Johnson, at the request of Bishop Louis Henry Ford, who was then presiding Bishop of the Church of God in Christ (www.cogic.org/).
"Feel the Heat of the Night" is a 1994 song recorded by German musical group Masterboy.
It was one of the singles from its album Different Dreams and band's fifth charted single.
It achieved success in many countries, particularly in France where it was a number two hit and stayed on the top 50 for 26 consecutive weeks, and in the band's country-home, Germany, where it was for four weeks in the top ten.
It was re-released in remix versions in 2003 and 2006, but was much less successful.
The artwork of the remixes used the same picture made by Günther Blum, but with different colours (orange, blue).
The vocals are performed by Trixi Delgado.
"Feel the Heat of the Night" is Masterboy's most successful single and is generally deemed as one of band's signature songs.
The 2018–19 Southern Counties East Football League season is the 53rd in the history of the Southern Counties East Football League, a football competition in England, and the third year the competition has two divisions, the Premier Division and Division One.
The provisional club allocations for steps 5 and 6 were announced by the FA on 25 May.
These are subject to ratification by the league at its AGM on 23 June.
Albert Henry Stanley, 1st Baron Ashfield,  (8 August 1874 – 4 November 1948), born Albert Henry Knattriess, was a British-American businessman who was managing director, then chairman of the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (UERL) from 1910 to 1933 and chairman of the London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB) from 1933 to 1947.
Although born in Britain, his early career was in the United States, where at a young age, he held senior positions in the developing tramway systems of Detroit and New Jersey.
In 1898, he served in the United States Navy during the short Spanish–American War.
In 1907, his management skills led to his recruitment by the UERL, which was struggling through a financial crisis that threatened its existence.
He quickly integrated the company's management and used advertising and public relations to improve profits.
As managing director of the UERL from 1910, he led the take-over of competing underground railway companies and bus and tram operations to form an integrated transport operation known as the Combine.
He was Member of Parliament for Ashton-under-Lyne from December 1916 to January 1920 and was President of the Board of Trade between December 1916 and May 1919, reorganising the board and establishing specialist departments for various industries.
He returned to the UERL and then chaired it and its successor the LPTB during the organisation's greatest period of expansion between the two World Wars, making it a world-respected organisation considered an exemplar of the best form of public administration.
Vincenzo Capellini Townshend is an English music producer, mixer, and audio engineer, and has worked with artists and bands including a-ha, Kaiser Chiefs, U2, Snow Patrol, Florence + the Machine, Friendly Fires, Bloc Party, Franz Ferdinand, The Maccabees, Jamie Cullum and Thirty Seconds to Mars.
Townshend was awarded 'Mix Engineer Of The Year' for two successive years by the Music Producers Guild Awards in 2009 and 2010, and nominated again in 2016, 2017 and 2018.Townshend began his career by working at Trident Studios in London in the late 1980s, eventually working as an assistant engineer for Alan Moulder and Mark 'Spike' Stent.
Following this, Townshend worked independently with producer Ian Broudie for 8 years and then joined producer Stephen Street at The Bunker in Olympic Studios in London where he maintained residency until its closure in 2009.
Townshend currently mixes from his Decoy Studios in Woodbridge Suffolk and is represented by Jax Management.
The Women's Trade Union League, founded in 1874 and known until 1890 as the Women's Protective and Provident League, was a British organisation promoting trade union for women workers.
It was established by Emma Paterson, who had seen unions managed by working women in America.
The 2016 Birmingham City Council election took place on 5 May 2016 to elect one third of the members of Birmingham City Council in England.
The election was held on the same day as the election of a Police and Crime Commissioner for the West Midlands as part of the 2016 Police and Crime Commissioner elections.
Labour increased their hold on the City Council, winning 30 of the 40 seats up for election, gaining 1 from the Conservatives and 1 from the Liberal Democrats as well as retaining 1 previously vacant seat formerly held by a Labour Councillor.
The 2012 Categoría Primera A season (officially known at the 2012 Liga Postobón season for sponsorship reasons) was the 65th season of Colombia's top-flight football league.
Morhange (German: Mörchingen, Lorraine Franconian Märchinge) is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
The Michaelis–Arbuzov reaction (also called the Arbuzov reaction) is the chemical reaction of a trivalent phosphorus ester with an alkyl halide to form a pentavalent phosphorus species and another alkyl halide.
The picture below shows the most common types of substrates undergoing the Arbuzov reaction; phosphite esters (1) react to form phosphonates (2),  phosphonites (3) react to form phosphinates (4) and phosphinites (5) react to form phosphine oxides (6).
The reaction was discovered by August Michaelis in 1898, and greatly explored by Aleksandr Arbuzov soon thereafter.
This reaction is widely used for the synthesis of various phosphonates, phosphinates, and phosphine oxides.
Several reviews have been published.
The reaction also occurs for coordinated phosphite ligands, as illustrated by the demethylation of {(C5H5)Co[(CH3O)3P]3}2+ to give  {(C5H5)Co[(CH3O)2PO]3}−, which is called the Klaui ligand.
Emmanuel Baptist College is a government approved secondary school located at Tanke in Ilorin, Kwara State, Nigeria.
It is a mixed private mission school.
Luke Felsch (born 5 April 1974) is a former professional Australian rugby league footballer.
Ahmet Özdemirok (born 25 January 1981) is a Swedish footballer of Turkish descent.
He plays for Superettan club Varbergs BoIS FC.
The Men's Triple Jump athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 8.
A total of 3 events were contested over this distance for 3 different classifications.
Oritia González-Urbie (born December 19, 1987 in Comodoro Rivadavia, Chubut) is a judoka from Argentina.She was born in Comodoro Rivadavia but trains in Buenos Aires.
It is a problem for sportsmen from cities other than Buenos Aires to find some financing for doing a sport that they like.
She is sponsored by Ricardo Fueyo and Walter Ñonquepán, who provide her living in capital city and training in CeNARD.She is still waiting for big medal.
She actually has some bronzes from continental level.
Dolsko [ˈdɔlskɔ] (German: Dölzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moryń, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Moryń, 40 km (25 mi) south of Gryfino, and 60 km (37 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
The 2004–05 Slovak Cup was the 36th season of Slovakia's annual knock-out cup competition and the twelfth since the independence of Slovakia.
It began on 21 September 2004 with Round 1 and ended on 8 May 2005 with the Final.
The winners of the competition earned a place in the second qualifying round of the UEFA Cup.
Artmedia Petržalka were the defending champions.
Exploring is a Saturday morning children's educational series in color that appeared on NBC television on Saturday afternoons from 1962 to 1966.
The NBC News series, which was nominated for an Emmy Award in 1964 and won a Peabody Award in 1963, featured not only segments that covered science, but also covered other subjects, including the arts.
The series was hosted by Dr. Albert Hibbs, a scientist and educator, with Mary Ritts and Paul Ritts as the series' puppeteers.
Besides the Ritts puppets, the series also featured cinematic short subjects, animated versions of famous legends, and music.
Millard Research Associates produced a printed copy of their survey results which found over 600,000 Exploring Teachers Guides were requested for teachers in major school districts all across the country (they were free).
A Millard survey found 86% of the teachers requesting the Guides were assigning the Saturday morning program for family viewing.
This was the first instance of proving you could change ratings with Teachers Guides.
This was done again on CBS with the Teachers Guides to the 21st Century (Young and Rubicon researched this) and later, still, on PBS.
Konar Zard (Persian: كنارزرد‎, also Romanized as Konār Zard, Kanār-e Zard, and Konār-e Zard) is a village in Kukherd Rural District, Kukherd District, Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 242, in 53 families.
Dario Ambrosini (March 7, 1918 in Cesena - July 14, 1951 in Albi) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer who competed for the Benelli factory racing team.
He finished second to Bruno Ruffo in the inaugural FIM 250cc world championship in 1949.
He returned in 1950 and claimed the 250cc world championship with three victories including one at the 1950 Isle of Man TT.
Ambrosini was killed during official practice for the 1951 French Grand Prix at Albi.
Copadichromis azureus is a species of haplochromine cichlid.
It is endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found in the country of Malawi.
This is a list of anarcho-punk bands, including anarchist bands labelled as crust punk, D-beat, hardcore and folk punk.
Wilhelm Gegenfurtner is a German Roman Catholic priest.
He was born in Teisnach, Lower Bavaria, and in 1974 became a Roman Catholic priest in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Regensburg.
His work as a priest was at Geisenfeld, at the University of Regensburg.
He was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in August 2005.
A shared church, or Simultankirche, simultaneum or, more fully, simultaneum mixtum, a term first coined in 16th-century Germany, is a church in which public worship is conducted by adherents of two or more religious groups.
Such churches became common in the German-speaking lands of Europe in the wake of the Protestant Reformation.
The different Christian denominations (such as Roman Catholic, Lutheran, Reformed, or United, etc.
), share the same church building, although they worship at different times and with different clergy.
It is thus a form of religious toleration.Simultaneum as a policy was particularly attractive to rulers who ruled over populations which contained considerable numbers of both Catholics and Protestants.
It was often the opposite of cuius regio, eius religio and used in situations where a ruler was of a different religion than the majority of the people, and not strong enough to impose his religion on the population.During the Nine Years' War (1688–1697), Louis XIV of France occupied the Electorate of the Palatinate, a Protestant region situated mainly in the western part of what is today Germany, where he introduced the simultaneum.
At the end of the war the region returned to Protestant control, but a last-minute addition to the Treaty of Ryswick provided for a continuation of the simultaneum.
Although intended to apply only to the Palatinate, the simultaneum was subsequently also applied in portions of Protestant Alsace (a region ruled by France, but where the Edict of Fontainebleau was not enforced).
The Vajolet towers are six summits in the Dolomites in Val di Fassa, Italy.
The Ontario Gazette is the official publication of the Government of Ontario, Canada, first published in 1868.
Publications are available online, as far back as January 2000.
Prior publications are found at the Archives of Ontario and depository libraries and published every Saturday.
Stanisław Leśniewski (March 30, 1886 – May 13, 1939) was a Polish mathematician, philosopher and logician.
Leśniewski went to a high school in Irkutsk.
Later he attended lectures by Hans Cornelius at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and lectures by Wacław Sierpiński at the Lviv University.
The  Abrial A-13 Buse was a tailless glider prototype that was designed in 1954.
It was the last in a series of glider aircraft designed by Georges Abrial.
John Stimpson (born September 1968) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Zimzelen Glacier (Bulgarian: ледник Зимзелен, ‘Lednik Zimzelen’ \'led-nik 'zim-ze-len\) is the 3.7 km long and 2.5 km wide glacier on Pefaur (Ventimiglia) Peninsula, Danco Coast on the west side of Antarctic Peninsula, situated east of Krapets Glacier and west of Blériot Glacier  It drains northwards, and flowing into the east arm of Salvesen Cove.
The glacier is named after the settlement of Zimzelen in Southern Bulgaria.
The Yeomen Warders of Her Majesty's Royal Palace and Fortress the Tower of London, and Members of the Sovereign's Body Guard of the Yeoman Guard Extraordinary, popularly known as the Beefeaters, are ceremonial guardians of the Tower of London.
In principle they are responsible for looking after any prisoners in the Tower and safeguarding the British crown jewels; they have also conducted guided tours since the Victorian era.
Since 2011, there have been 37 Yeomen Warders and one Chief Warder.All warders are retired from the Armed Forces of Commonwealth realms and must be former warrant officers with at least 22 years of service.
They must also hold the Long Service and Good Conduct medal.
The Yeomen Warders are often incorrectly referred to as Yeomen of the Guard, which is actually a distinct corps of Royal Bodyguards.
KOTK (1420 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an oldies format, simulcasting KOBM 1490 AM Omaha.
Licensed to Omaha, Nebraska, United States, the station serves the Omaha area.
In July 2018, Hickory Radio purchased the station from Salem Media Group.
KOTK's studios are located on Burt Street (near North 120th Street and Dodge Road) in West Omaha, while its two-tower transmitter array is located in south Council Bluffs, Iowa, across the Missouri River from South Omaha.
The Slovenian National Badminton Championships is a tournament organized to crown the best badminton players in Slovenia.
The tournament started in 1958 and is held every year.
Zuidema-Idsardi House is a historic home located at Lancaster in Erie County, New York.
It is a locally significant and distinct example of the vernacular interpretation of Italianate style, incorporating elements of Eastlake Movement ornamentation.
It was built for John H. Zuidema, a local Dutch businessman, circa 1876.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
It is located in the Broadway Historic District.
John Vaughan Wright (born 31 December 1935) is a former English cricketer.
Wright was a right-handed batsman.
He was born at Colchester, Essex.
Wright made his first-class debut for Essex in the 1962 County Championship against Northamptonshire.
He played one further first-class match during that season against Warwickshire, before playing 2 further first-class matches in 1967 against Middlesex and the touring Pakistanis.
In his 4 first-class matches he scored 60 runs at a batting average of 10.00, with a high score of 40.
In the field he took 2 catches.
The Ipeľ (Slovak; pronounced [ˈipɛʎ]) or Ipoly (Hungarian) (German: Eipel, archaic Slovak: Jupoľ, Latin:Bolia) is a 232-kilometre (144 mi) long river in Slovakia and Hungary, a tributary of the Danube River.
Its source is in central Slovakia in the Slovak Ore Mountains.
It flows south to the Hungarian border, and then southwest, west, and again south along the border until it flows into the Danube near Szob.
The Ipeľ flows through or creates the border of the Banská Bystrica and Nitra regions in Slovakia, and Nógrád and Pest counties in Hungary.
Adama Barro (born 3 September 1996) is a Burkinabé international footballer who plays for Rahimo FC, as a midfielder.
The Ch'anghŭng Line is an electrified standard-gauge secondary line of the Korean State Railway in South Hamgyŏng Province, North Korea, running from Ch'anghŭng on the P'yŏngra Line to Ryŏnhŭng.
Michel Le Moignan (November 7, 1919 – December 21, 2000) was a Catholic priest and a Canadian politician from Quebec.
Laura Law, a Finnish immigrant, was the wife of militant labor leader Richard Law.
She was mysteriously murdered on January 5, 1940.
The case is still unsolved.
Laura Law was found murdered in her house at 1117 East 2nd Street in Aberdeen, Washington by her parents.
She was bludgeoned with an axe and her skull was caved in.
The murder happened so quietly that Law's toddler son was found sleeping in the next room when Law's mother found Law's corpse.
There are many suspicions as to who killed her and for what reasons.
Bill Law was one of the suspects, even though he was at a union meeting at the time of the murder.
Bill Law, a communist and labor activist, claimed that the murder happened when government agents were caught by Laura looking for evidence for the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC).
Other stories claim that communists from the Soviet Union killed her because of what she might have known about the then-ongoing Winter War (1939-1940).
The story of Laura Law’s murder reveals the political and ethnic atmosphere of Aberdeen, Washington during the 1940s.
The division between White Finns and Red Finns, and the different European ethnicities living in Aberdeen are highlighted because of this.
The labor struggles of the area also comes to light, as there was a struggle between American Federation of Labor's unions and Congress of Industrial Organizations' unions; union and non-union workers; and local businesses and striking workers.
Richard Law purported that his wife's murder could have been carried out by the Aberdeen Business Builders, an anti-union, right-wing group, as a threat to him or for retaliation.
In 1949, Murray Morgan wrote the book, The Viewless Winds, a fictitious novel based on the events surrounding the Laura Law murder.
In Morgan's book the murder is carried out by a vagrant as a random act of violence.
The murder then sets in motion a mass hysteria which brings out the worst in the people of the small Northwest coastal town the story is set in.
The Tolerance, Equality, and Awareness Movement, known by the acronym TEAM, is a federally tax-exempt human rights organization.
TEAM is based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, and was founded by in 2009 by Chris Surfus.
TEAM was incorporated in 2010 and became a 501(c)(3) federally tax-exempt nonprofit in 2011 through Internal Revenue Service classification as a public charity.The Tolerance, Equality, and Awareness Movement organized the July 2011 candlelight vigil at Ah-Nab-Awen Park in Grand Rapids, MI  for the mass murder victims and families, which made international news.
The 2011 Grand Rapids, Michigan mass murders were committed by Rodrick Dantzler, who ultimately committed suicide after a standoff with Grand Rapids Public Safety.
Vigil assistance was provided by the American Red Cross and Grand Rapids Public Safety.
In addition, TEAM organized a counter-protest against the Westboro Baptist Church's planned picketing of United States First Lady Betty Ford's Funeral  and TEAMwork: A Night of Dance and Drag for Diversity at The Pyramid Scheme nightclub and music venue  in Grand Rapids.
The India International Trade Fair, ever since its inception in 1980, has evolved as a major event for the business community.
It is a premier event organized by the India Trade Promotion Organization (ITPO), the nodal trade promotion agency of the Government of India.
The event is held between 14–27 November every year at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi, India.
The Theme of IITF 2013 was Inclusive Growth with Bihar as Partner State and Japan as Partner Country.
Atlee Kumar is an Indian film director and screenwriter who directed block buster tamil movies like rajarani, theri, mersal primarily in Tamil cinema.
He is  best known for his directorial debut Raja Rani (2013), produced by Fox Star Studios, for which he was awarded the Vijay Award for Best Debut Director.
Before directorial debut, He worked as an assistant director with high budget filmmaker S. Shankar for the films Enthiran (2010) and Nanban (2012).
After a successful debut, the streak followed with successive ventures, Theri and Mersal.
Somebody's Darling is a 1925 British silent comedy film directed by George A. Cooper and starring Betty Balfour, Rex O'Malley and Fred Raynham.
The screenplay concerns a young woman who believes herself to be an orphan and rediscovers her family when she is left a large inheritance, only for a sinister uncle to try to cheat her out of money.
The film marked an attempt by Balfour to avoid being typecast in her popular role as the Cockney Squibs by playing an upper-class heiress.
She defended her move by declaring "I don't have to wear any shabby or sombre dresses for this part.
I go out and spend lots of money on beautiful Paquin gowns and frocks and wraps".
"Al otro lado del río" (English: On the Other Side of the River) is a song, written and performed by Uruguayan singer Jorge Drexler for the film The Motorcycle Diaries (2004).
Besides the film's soundtrack, it can also be found in Drexler's seventh album Eco; in the soundtrack the bassist Jeff Eckels also performed.
Jessamy Wuraola Harrison (born July 25, 1986 in London) is a fictional character created by author Helen Oyeyemi.
The Municipal Property Assessment Corporation, or MPAC, administers property assessments and appeals of assessment in the Province of Ontario MPAC determines the assessed value for all properties across the province of Ontario, Canada.
This is provided in the form of an Assessment Roll, which is delivered to municipalities throughout the province on the second Tuesday in December.
Municipalities then take the assessment roll, and calculate property taxes for each individual property in their jurisdiction.
MPAC complains that tax payers often confuse MPAC's role as an assessment agency for taxes; MPAC responds that they only provide assessments.
Municipalities set the tax rates, and distribute the tax burden based on the assessed values provided by MPAC.
The head office is located in Pickering, Ontario.
MPAC, formerly known as OPAC (Ontario Property Assessment Corporation), was created on December 31, 1997, as a method to create accurate and equitable assessments across Ontario.
MPAC came into existence with the MPAC Act, and administers the Assessment Act, both part of Ontario provincial legislation.
On December 31, 1998, the Government of Ontario transferred responsibility for property assessment from the Ministry of Finance to the Ontario Property Assessment Corporation, an independent body established by the Ontario Property Assessment Corporation Act, 1997.According to MPAC:
"Every municipality in Ontario is a member of MPAC, a non-share capital, not-for-profit corporation whose main responsibility is to provide its customers - property owners, tenants, municipalities, and government and business stakeholders - with consistent and accurate property assessments.
MPAC is accountable to the public through a 15-member Board of Directors.
Eight members of the Board are municipal representatives; five members represent property taxpayers; and two members represent provincial interests.
The Minister of Finance appoints all members of the Board.
MPAC administers a uniform, province-wide property assessment system based on current value assessment in accordance with the provisions of the Assessment Act.
It provides municipalities with a range of services, including the preparation of annual assessment rolls used by municipalities to calculate property taxes.
Municipal enumerations are also conducted by MPAC in order to prepare a Preliminary List of Electors for each municipality and school board during an election year.
Today, MPAC is responsible for the assessment of nearly 4.7 million properties in the province."
Prior to the creation of MPAC, municipalities in Ontario had discretion on how they chose to assess properties.
This created inequity across the province, as similar properties across the province had separate values.
In 2008, MPAC sent out approximately 4.7 million property assessment notices, advising properties of their assessment value.
The current values are based on a January 1, 2008, valuation date.
St Alban's was a church in Wood Street, City of London.
It was dedicated to Saint Alban.
Of medieval origin, it was rebuilt in 1634, destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666, and rebuilt, this time to a Gothic design by Sir Christopher Wren.
It was severely damaged by bombing during the Second World War, and the ruins cleared, leaving only the tower.
Hitler's Heroines: Stardom and Womanhood in Nazi Cinema is a 2003 book written by Antje Ascheid.
Kings' School is a comprehensive school in Winchester, Hampshire, with approximately 1,650 pupils.
The most recent Ofsted inspection (June 2014) brought forward a generally excellent classification with thirty out of thirty-one sections of the report considered outstanding.
Kings' School previously had specialist status as a Business and Enterprise College and as a Language College.
Axel Zwingenberger (born May 7, 1955) is a German blues and boogie-woogie pianist and songwriter.
Kiousville is an unincorporated community in southern Fairfield Township, Madison County, Ohio, United States.
It is located at 39°47′50″N 83°17′41″W, at the intersection of Kiousville-Georgesville Road and McKendree Road.The community was originally known as Warnersville, after the owner of the land, Mr. Warner.
The first store opened about 1867.
The first post office was established on January 27, 1875, as the Warnersville Post Office, with R. Watrous as the postmaster.
The Warnersville Post Office was discontinued on June 17, 1879.On February 28, 1881, the post office was re-established as the Kiousville Post Office, but was again discontinued on September 15, 1900.
The mail service is now sent through the Mount Sterling branch.
As of 1915, the community contained only a few houses, one general store, and one blacksmith.
San Giorgio ai Tedeschi is a Roman Catholic church located in the centre of Pisa, Italy.The brickchurch was built after 1316 in memory of the German soldiers who died in the Battle of Montecatini; it was called San Giorgio degli Innocenti because in 1414 it belonged to the Ospedale dei Trovatelli (hospital of the foundlings); then from 1784 it belonged to the Ospedali Riuniti di Santa Chiara.
The church, built entirely in brick, consists of only one room.
The inside, which was restored after 1722, has a 14th-century crucifix made by a German artist with lavish golden stucco decorations and paintings from the 18th century.
Mątki [ˈmɔntki] (German Mondtken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Jonkowo and 13 km (8 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland, 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany (East Prussia).
A Tribute to Joni Mitchell is a musical tribute to Joni Mitchell featuring Sufjan Stevens, Björk, Caetano Veloso, Brad Mehldau, Cassandra Wilson, Prince, Sarah McLachlan, Annie Lennox, Emmylou Harris, Elvis Costello, k.d.
lang, and James Taylor.
Sarah Bradley (born 20 April 1966 in Auckland) is a TV presenter and the daughter of the controversial former naval officer Captain Ian Bradley.
After studying finance and marketing at Waikato University and graduating with honours, Bradley began working for IBM as a marketing associate.
In 1991, she left for New York City to pursue a stage career, attending the American Musical and Dramatic Academy, majoring in musical theatre, after which she toured in several productions.
She began hosting local television shows in New York state.She became a television reporter for WRNN, before joining WTNH in New Haven, Connecticut and then CNNfn.
She worked part-time at Lehman Brothers.In 2001, she returned to Auckland as business editor for TV3 News and was a back-up anchor for the network's flagship 3 News at 6 p.m., and its late-night news programme, Nightline.
She began her stint on Good Morning in late February 2006.
In late 2011 it was announced Bradley would be leaving Good Morning at the end of 2011
Sarah has one daughter, Melinda, with Peter Stokes, an investment adviser with JBWere.
Yahaletenna is a village in Sri Lanka.
It is located within Central Province.
Rocky River is a city in western Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
A suburb of Cleveland, it is located along the shore of Lake Erie approximately 9 miles (14 km) west of downtown Cleveland.
The city is named for the Rocky River that forms its eastern border.
The population was 20,213 at the time of the 2010 census.
Ivan Ivanovich Godlevsky (Russian: Иван Иванович Годлевский; March 9, 1908 in Kholm Governorate, Russian Empire – August 20, 1998 in Saint Petersburg, Russia) was a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists (before 1992 — the Leningrad Union of Artists), who lived and worked in Leningrad, regarded as a representative of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his landscapes painted in decorative style.
This is an overview of programs for processing 3D point clouds from appropriate photos or surveys with laser scanners.
Sir Alfred Cooper  (28 January 1838 – 3 March 1908) was a fashionable English surgeon and clubman of the late 19th century whose patients included Edward, Prince of Wales.
He is an ancestor of David Cameron, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
The 1937 Rose Bowl,  was the 23rd edition of the bowl game, between the independent Pittsburgh Panthers of western Pennsylvania and the Washington Huskies of Seattle, the champions of the Pacific Coast Conference.
The game was played at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, on Friday, January 1, 1937.Ahead of the game, seating in the Rose Bowl was expanded to 87,677.
This was Pittsburgh's fourth Rose Bowl in nine years, with losses in the 1928, 1930, and 1933 editions.
Washington had previously tied in 1924 and won in 1926.
In the final AP poll released in late November, Pittsburgh was third and Washington was fifth.
Pittsburgh led 7–0 at the half and scored two more touchdowns for a 21–0 shutout and their first Rose Bowl title.
Dave (David) Walsh is an American voice actor who is probably best known for doing the voice of the Blue Senturion in Power Rangers Turbo.
He has done other voice acting in video games and animated cartoons.
Walsh has been involved in sound recording and ADR writing/directing.
He was the ADR director for Power Rangers between Zeo and Time Force.
Plinia spirito-santensis (common name: purple jaboticaba, or Portuguese: jabuticaba roxa) is a tree that is endemic to the tropical rainforest of the state of Espírito Santo in Brazil.
A subspecies with a clear, cross-shaped scar is known locally as jabuticaba peluda de Cruz.
Temirkhan Myngaydaruly Dosmukhanbetov (Kazakh: Темірхан Мыңайдарұлы Досмұханбетов, Temirhan Myn'ai'daruly Dosmuhanbetov) has served as the Minister of Tourism and Sports in the Government of Kazakhstan since Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev appointed him on 27 March 2006.
Prior to that he served as the Mayor of Astana.
Nazarbayev appointed him mayor, replacing Adilbek Jaksybekov, on 16 June 2006.
Jaksebekov then became the Minister of Trade and Industry.
Leena Alam (Persian: لينا علم, born in Kabul, Afghanistan) is an award-winning Afghan film, TV and theater actress who has appeared in films such as Kabuli Kid, Loori, A Letter to the President and "Hassan".
She has also been known as Shereen of Afghanistan (شیرین افغانستان) after playing in the taboo-smashing feminist TV drama, Shereen (شیرین), the first of its kind to have been made in Afghanistan, directed by Ghafar Azad and produced by Kaboora and Tolo TV.
In 1989, Alam and her family moved to America because of the civil war in her homeland.
She began her acting and cinema career in 1998.
The Marshall Mountains (84°37′S 164°30′E) are a group of mountains overlooking Beardmore Glacier in the Queen Alexandra Range, Antarctica.
They are bounded on the north by Berwick Glacier, and on the south by Swinford Glacier.
The mountains were discovered by the South Polar Party of the British Antarctic Expedition (1907–09), and named for Dr. Eric Marshall, surgeon and cartographer to the expedition, a member of the Polar Party.
Vinko Kos (10 July 1914 – May 1945) was a Croatian author, poet and children's writer.
Club Deportivo Guastatoya is a Guatemalan football club based in Guastatoya, El Progreso Department.
They play their home games in the Estadio David Cordón Hichos.
"Ay yōrum biyō" (in Tajik Ай ёрум биё) (Come My Sweetheart) is a famous song by Muboraksho Mirzoshoyev (in Tajik Муборакшо Мирзошоев).
There are alternate pronunciations in various languages and dialects including "Ay Yarom Biyo" and "Ay Yoram Biyo".
It was released in 1988 in Tajik language and has become a staple at weddings.
Chalybion flebile is a species of mud dauber wasps belonging to the family Sphecidae.
Torino Porta Susa is a railway station in Turin, northern Italy; it is the second busiest mainline station in the city, after Torino Porta Nuova.
It is located in Corso Inghilterra.
Nedašov is a village and municipality (obec) in Zlín District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.
The municipality covers an area of 12.45 square kilometres (4.81 sq mi), and has a population of 1,409 (as at 28 August 2006).
Nedašov lies approximately 33 kilometres (21 mi) south-east of Zlín and 286 km (178 mi) east of Prague.
Zviad Kvatchantiradze  (born July 7, 1965, Ozurgeti) is a Georgian parliamentarian and diplomat.
Co-Chairman of the EU-Georgia Parliamentary Committee on Association.
First Vice Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Parliament of Georgia.
Member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE).
He was formerly Consul General of Georgia in Istanbul, Turkey, from 2005-2009 and Secretary-General of the TRACECA Intergovernmental Commission from 2000 to 2004.
Holds a rank of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary since 2001.
Bogdan Laurentiu Otavă (born (1987-02-13)February 13, 1987 in Bucharest) is a Romanian bobsledder.Otavă competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics for Romania.
He teamed with driver Andreas Neagu, Paul Muntean, Florin Cezar Crăciun and Dănuț Moldovan in the four-man event, finishing 24th.
Otavă was a replacement for the third run only.As of April 2014, his best showing at the World Championships is 16th, coming in the four-man event in 2012.Otavă made his World Cup debut in January 2011.
As of April 2014, his best finish is 11th, in a four-man event in 2011-12 at Whistler.
Story is an unincorporated community in Sioux County, Nebraska, United States.
John D. McKean is a fireboat that served the New York City Fire Department as Marine Company 1.
She is named after John D. Mckean, who died in a 1953 steam explosion while trying to save a predecessor fireboat, the George B. McClellan.
Spruce Valley Township is a township in Marshall County, Minnesota, United States.
The population was 238 at the 2000 census.
Spruce Valley Township was organized in 1888, and named for the spruce groves within its borders.
The Boldești-Scăeni oil field is an oil field located in Boldești-Scăeni, Prahova County.
It was discovered in 1942 and developed by Petrom.
It began production in 1945 and produces oil and natural gas.
The total proven reserves of the Boldești-Scăeni oil field are around 317 million barrels (43.2×106tonnes), and production is centered on 23,000 barrels per day (3,700 m3/d).
The Treaty of the More was concluded on 30 August 1525 between Henry VIII and the interim French government of Louise of Savoy.
It was celebrated by Henry and the French ambassadors at the More, Hertfordshire, a castle owned by Henry's chief minister, Cardinal Wolsey.
England, with Wolsey negotiating, agreed to give up some territorial claims on France, receiving in return a pension from the French of £20,000 a year.
France settled what was owed to Henry VIII's sister, Mary, dowager queen of France.
England also agreed to work to secure the release of King Francis of France, then held prisoner by Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor and King of Spain.
England had been troubled by the threat of a renewal of the "Auld Alliance" between France and Scotland, and France agreed to prevent the Scottish Duke of Albany from returning to Scotland.
Peter Byaruhanga (born 18 August 1979) is a Ugandan former professional soccer player, active primarily in the United States, who played as a striker.
Leucanopsis turrialba is a moth in the family Erebidae.
It was described by Schaus in 1911.
It is found in Costa Rica and Guatemala.
Solo Day is the fifth mini-album released by B1A4 under WM Entertainment.
The album was released on July 14, 2014 by WM Entertainment and their distributing label Pony Canyon Korea.
The title song of the album, "Solo Day, was produced by leader Jinyoung along with 5 other tracks in the album.
CNU also produced 1 song in the album.
Al-Rafidain TV is an Iraq-based Arabic television channel broadcasting from Cairo, Egypt where its headquarters is located.
Launched on 10 April 2006 on Nilesat, the channel is owned by Sunni Arabs and has an anti-Western agenda and supporting Association of Muslim Scholars.
Yuanbaoshan District (Mongolian: ᠶᠤᠸᠠᠨ ᠪᠣᠣ ᠱᠠᠨ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Yuvan boo šan toɣoriɣ, Юаньбаошань тойрог, Yuanĭbaoşanĭ; simplified Chinese: 元宝山区; traditional Chinese: 元寶山區; pinyin: Yuánbǎoshān Qū) is a district of the city of Chifeng, Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.
O'Brien Cogeneration Inc. is an energy resources industrial company in the United States, which is involved with construction and operation of generation of electrical power from renewable energy technology.
In 2005, O'Brien Cogeneration received one of the highest civil damage awards in the USA for that year.
In particular the Essex County Superior Court rendered a judgment award in the amount of $32,320,360 against Hawker Siddeley for a cause of negligent maintenance, resulting in extensive plant damage and business disruption.
The lead plaintiff attorney in this case was Michael J. Izzo Jr., of the firm of Cozen O'Connor, Cherry Hill, New Jersey.
Significant quantities of air pollutants are emitted from each plant, although considerable resources are expended in applying Best Available Control Technology.
For example, in the city of Philadelphia, O'Brien Cogeneration operates two separate plants that emit a total of approximately 17,000 pounds per year of air pollutants, making O'Brien a medium size industrial emitter in that city; in Philadelphia a total of six discrete chemical air pollutants are recognised, and a total of twelve distinct stack sources are present.
While O'Brien Cogeneration began as an East Coast firm, in the late 1980s it expanded to California with planning of a new facility in Salinas, California.
This plant review included detailed sub-studies in air quality, noise pollution, risk assessment and wastewater reclamation to meet requirements of the California Environmental Quality Act.
The Earth Metrics study found, in particular, that requirements of the Monterey Bay Unified Air Pollution Control District would be met by the proposed facility design.
O'Brien Cogenaration has been involved in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's program involving innovations in economic incentives to control environmental pollution.
Post-mortem privacy refers to a person's ability to control the dissemination of personal information after death.
No federal laws specifically extend post-mortem privacy protection.
At the state level, privacy laws pertaining to the deceased vary significantly, but in general do not extend any clear rights of privacy beyond property rights.
The relative lack of acknowledgment of post-mortem privacy rights has sparked major controversy in recent years with rapid technological advancements that have resulted in exponential growth in the amount of personal information that is stored and instantly shared online.
Marmaritzana (Greek: Μαρμαριτζάνα) was a medieval Byzantine city and bishopric in Central Greece.
The exact site of the city is unknown, except that it lay in the upper valley of the Spercheios River, west of Neopatras (modern Ypati).
The city is mostly unknown except for the fact that it was an episcopal see attested at least since the time of Byzantine emperor Leo VI the Wise (r. 886–912) until the 13th century.
It was the only suffragan of the metropolitan see of Neopatras.
It may be identical with the see of Marmaritzion, mentioned in a single Notitia Episcopatuum of the 11th century as a suffragan of the Metropolis of Larissa.Following the Fourth Crusade, the episcopal lists of the Roman Catholic Church included it as Valacensis or Lavacensis, but the see probably remained vacant, whether by Greek Orthodox or by Latin Catholic bishops, from the early 13th century on.
The see remains a titular bishopric of the Catholic Church since its nominal restoration in 1933, as "Marmarizana".
It is long vacant, having had a single incumbent of the lowest (episcopal) rank: Thomas O’Beirne (1739.08.26 – 1739.09.16), later Coadjutor Bishop of Ardagh (Ireland) (1739.08.26 – 1739.09.16), succeeding as Bishop of Ardagh (1739.09.16 – 1747.01).
The list of political families of Bihar state of India:
The Yadav Family 

Lalu Prasad Yadav, ex Bihar chief minister,king maker
Rabri Devi, wife of Lalu Prasad, former Bihar Chief Minister,MLC
Sadhu Yadav, Rabri Devi's brother,ex MP
Subhash Yadav, Rabri Devi's brother,ex MP
Tej Pratap Yadav, elder son of Lalu Prasad Cabinet Minister of Health from Government of Bihar
Tejashwi Yadav, younger son of Lalu Prasad, ex cricketer and current leader of opposition & former Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar
Misa Bharti, eldest daughter of Lalu Prasad, MP (Rajya Sabha)
Tej Pratap Singh Yadav, son in law of Lalu Prasad, Member of Parliament from Mainpuri lalu prasad yadav is a person who suffer from all investigationThe Kumar family 

Nitish Kumar, (Chief Minister of Bihar)
Nishant Kumar (son of Nitish Kumar)
Manju Kumari Sinha (wife of Nitish Kumar)The Jagjivan Ram Family

Jagjivan Ram, independence activist and Deputy Prime Minister of India
Mira Kumar, is daughter of Babu Jagjivan Ram,  first woman Speaker of Lok SabhaThe Sinha Family 

Dr.Anugrah Narayan Sinha, (statesman,Freedom Fighter and first Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar, 1946–1957)(Father)
Satyendra Narayan Sinha,Freedom Fighter,(Member of Provisional Parliament, 1950-1952 & Former Chief Minister of Bihar & prominent leader of JP movement, (Son Of Dr Anugrah Narayan Sinha)
Kishori Sinha,(former Member Of Parliament)-(Wife Of Satyendra Narayan Sinha)
Nikhil Kumar, Governor Of Kerala (son of Satyendra Narayan Sinha)
Shyama Singh,(Ex Member of Parliament) (Wife of Nikhil Kumar)
Dr. Vijay Kumar Singh,Former Cabinet Minister, Government of Bihar, (Satyendra Narain Sinha's nephew)
Rameshwar Prasad Sinha,(father of Kishori Sinha,Member Constituent Assembly of India, 1947–1950), MLA,Bihar  (1937-1939)
N. K. Singh, Rajya Sabha MP (Brother-in-law Of Nikhil Kumar)
Uday Singh,(Member Of Parliament)-(Nikhil Kumar's younger brother in law)
Madhuri Singh,(former MP)-(Nikhil Kumar's mother in law)The Chandrashekhar Singh Family

Chandrashekhar Singh, former  Chief Minister of Bihar,former Union Minister, Government of India
Manorma Singh,former Member of Parliament,Wife of Chandrashekhar SinghThe Mishra Family

Lalit Narayan Mishra, Former Railway Minister of India
Kameshwari Devi, contested from Jhanjhapur in 7th Loksabha ( Wife of Lalit Narayan Mishra)
Vijay Kumar Mishra, Currently MLC, Ex MP and three terms MLA and active politician in Bihar Janta Dal United(Son of Lalit Narayan Mishra)
Gouri Shankar Rajhans, Ex MP, Bihar (Husband of niece of Lalit Narayan Mishra)
Jagannath Mishra, Former Chief Minister and Union Cabinet Minister (Brother of Lalit Narayan Mishra)
Nitish Mishra,Rural Development Minister and MLA in Bihar (Son of Dr Jagannath Mishra)
Rishi Mishra,Recently elected MLA and the General Secretary, Janata Dal United Bihar (son of Vijay Kumar Mishra)
Pooja Mishra Jha,Member of Labour Party in United Kingdom, (Daughter of Vijay Kumar Mishra)The Thakur Jugal Kishore Sinha Family 

Thakur Jugal Kishore Sinha, (Freedom Fighter, Member first Lok Sabha) Known as the father of Cooperative Movement in India.
Ram Dulari Sinha, wife of Thakur Jugal Kishore Sinha,(Freedom Fighter, Member first Vidhan Sabha) Former Union Minister & Governor
Madhurendra Kumar Singh,Member All India Congress Committee, Ex Director Bihar State Cooperative Bank
Mrigendra Kumar Singh, son of Dr. Madhurendra Kumar Singh Secretary, Bihar Pradesh Congress CommitteeThe family of Jagdeo Prasad

Jagdeo Prasad, Freedom Fighter,member of Indian National Congress
Satish Prasad Singh , former Chief Minister of Bihar (Samadhi of Jagdeo Prasad)
Nagmani, former Union Minister (Son of Jagdeo Prasad)
Suchitra Sinha , former Cabinet Minister, Bihar (Daughter-in-law of Jagdeo Prasad)Paswan family

Ram Vilas Paswan, Minister of Railways and current Minister of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution
Chirag Paswan, actor and Member Of Parliament from Jamui
Ram Chandra Paswan brother of Ram Vilas Paswan and Member Of Parliament from Samastipur
Pashupati Kumar Paras, brother of Ram Vilas PaswanRanjan family

Pappu Yadav Member Of Parliament from Madhepura
Ranjeet Ranjan Member Of Parliament from SupaulAzad Family

Bhagwat Jha Azad, former Chief Minister of Bihar
Kirti Azad, Member Of Parliament from Darbhanga
Siltstone is a sedimentary rock which has a grain size in the silt range, finer than sandstone and coarser than claystones.
Mifflin Township is one of the eighteen townships of Richland County, Ohio, United States.
It is a part of the Mansfield Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The 2000 census found 6,218 people in the township.
Illuminations is the fourth extended play (EP) by English singer Little Boots.
It was released in the United States and Canada on 9 June 2009 by Elektra Records.
Released as a digital download, the extended play was accompanied by a digital booklet and a music video for the song "New in Town".
In Canada, Illuminations was also released on CD.
Say No to Death (1951) is a novel by Australian writer Dymphna Cusack.
Philip Poh is a professor that developed the Singapore Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) in 1998.
After a successful pilot survey, the Singapore PMI was launched in January 1999 and the index has become a barometer of the Singapore manufacturing economy.
In 2002, government officials in China sought the advice of Professor Poh to develop the China PMI.
Since then, the China PMI has also become an indicator of the global manufacturing economy.
Professor Poh is currently a chairman of the Singapore Institute of Purchasing and Materials Management (SIPMM), World Certification Institute, as well as the Vice-Chairman of World Supply Research Institute.
Since 1998, he has been the adjunct professor specialising in purchasing and logistics management at Southern Cross University in Australia.
He has also worked in adjunct capacity at several universities in Europe, United States, and Australia.
In 2004, Professor Poh received the Garner-Themoin Award from the International Federation of Purchasing and Supply Management, a world body registered in Switzerland.
Jack Wagner, the Director-General of the World Body was quoted as saying that

the contributions made by Professor Philip Poh to the profession are well recognised not only in the Asia Pacific region but also globally, in over 40 countries where the world body is represented.-
Previous award recipients include Cabinet Ministers and a former President of the World Bank.
Tom Bianchi (born 1945 in Oak Park, Illinois) is an American writer and photographer who specializes in male nude photography.
Skalna Klet Stadium (Slovene: Stadion Skalna klet) or simply Skalna Klet  is a multi-purpose stadium in Celje, Slovenia.
It was used for football matches and was the home ground of the Slovenian PrvaLiga team NK Celje.
Now it is used only as a training facility.
The stadium currently holds 2,500 spectators, 2,130 of them can be seated.
The economic lot scheduling problem (ELSP) is a problem in operations management and inventory theory that has been studied by a large number of researchers for more than 50 years.
The term was first used in 1958 by professor Jack D. Rogers of Berkeley, who extended the economic order quantity model to the case where there are several products to be produced on the same machine, so that one must decide both the lot size for each product and when each lot should be produced.
The method illustrated by Jack D. Rogers draws on a 1956 paper from Welch, W. Evert.
The ELSP is a mathematical model of a common issue for almost any company or industry: planning what to manufacture, when to manufacture and how much to manufacture.
The Southerns cricket team was a first-class cricket team in Zimbabwe.
They competed in the Logan Cup from 2006 to 2008.
The club played their home matches at the Masvingo Sports Club.
The Kreuzeck Group is a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps.
It may be considered either a separate range or part of the larger High Tauern chain.
Administratively, the range belongs to the Austrian states of Carinthia and, in the westernmost part, Tyrol (i.e.
East Tyrol).
Blue Springs is a town in Barbour County, Alabama, United States.
At the 2010 census the population was 96.
The town is the home of Blue Springs State Park.
Inter-App Audio (IAA) is a technology developed by Apple Inc and designed to route audio and MIDI signals between various applications within devices based on the iOS mobile operating system.
The technology was first introduced in 2013 in the seventh version of iOS.
Gaetano "James" Senese (born 6 January 1945) is an Italian saxophonist, composer and singer-songwriter.
Lago District is a district of Niassa Province in north-western Mozambique.
The principal town is Metangula.
Lago District is bordered to the west by Lake Nyasa, on the south by Lichinga, on the east by Sanga District.
Lago shares its northern boundary with Tanzania.
Area: 6,438 km2.
Population: 55, 892 (1997 Census)
Population density: 8.7 people/km2 (1997)
San Pedro via Gardena (also known as San Pedro via Torrance) was a line of the Pacific Electric Railway.
This was the original route to San Pedro, built by the Los Angeles Interurban Railway in 1903 and Pacific Electric assumed control in 1911.
The line was essential in the establishment of light industry in Torrance.
While freight on the line continued until 1965, passenger service ended as a result of San Pedro via Dominguez.
Passenger service was cut back to Torrance in 1939 and discontinued in 1940.
The route closely paralleled the present-day Harbor Transitway.
Edward Threlfall was an English professional footballer.
He spent eleven years at Blackpool in the early 1900s, making over three hundred Football League appearances for the club.
He played as a defender.
Other People's Children (Georgian: სხვისი შვილები translit.
Skhvisi shvilebi, Russian: Чужие дети, translit.
Chuzhie dzetsi) is a 1958 Georgian black-and-white Social-themed drama film co-written with Rezo Japaridze and directed by Tengiz Abuladze.
Tulcus dimidiatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1865.
It is known from Ecuador and Brazil.
The discography of Rachel Platten, an American singer and songwriter, consists of four studio albums, one extended play and six singles.
Platten released her debut studio album Trust in Me in 2003, which she has called "a collection of demos".
Her second album, Be Here, was released from Rock Ridge Music in 2011.
Her 2011 single "1,000 Ships" peaked at number 24 on the US Billboard Adult Top 40 chart, also playing at various radio stations.
In the spring of 2015, Platten released "Fight Song" from Wildfire.
The song has been used in various media, as well as serving the official anthem for the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
It reached number six on the US Billboard Hot 100, number two on the Australian Singles Chart, number six in Ireland, number eight in New Zealand, number nine on the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 and number one on the UK Singles Chart.
It has double platinum sales in the US.
Platten's 2015 Fight Song EP reached number 20 on the Billboard 200.
On September 11, 2015, Platten released second single named "Stand by You" from Wildfire.
It has peaked in the top ten on charts in Canada and the United States, and has peaked in the top twenty on charts in Australia and Poland.
The song has since been certified Platinum in the United States.
"Broken Glass", the lead single from her fourth studio album, Waves, was released on August 18, 2017.
The album was released on October 27, 2017.
Matthew F. "Matt" Hale (born July 27, 1971) is an American white supremacist, neo-Nazi leader and a convicted felon.
Hale was the founder of the East Peoria, Illinois-based white separatist group then known as the World Church of the Creator (now called The Creativity Movement), and he declared himself its Pontifex Maximus (Latin for "highest priest") in continuation of the Church of the Creator organization founded by Ben Klassen in 1973.
In 1998, Hale was barred from practicing law in Illinois by the state panel that evaluates the character and fitness of prospective lawyers.
The panel stated that Hale's incitement of racial hatred, for the ultimate purpose of depriving selected groups of their legal rights, was blatantly immoral and rendered him unfit to be a lawyer.In 2005, Hale was sentenced to a 40-year federal prison term for encouraging an undercover FBI informant to kill federal judge Joan Lefkow.
He is currently serving his sentence at ADX Florence with a projected release date of December 6, 2037.
The Syracuse Formation is a geologic formation in New York.
It preserves fossils dating back to the Silurian period.
Invavita piratica is an extinct, parasitic species of tongue worm, provisionally assigned to the order Cephalobaenida, from Ludlow-aged England.
Despite the common name, tongue worms are actually highly modified crustacean arthropods closely related to barnacles and copepods, not worms; the Pentastomida are obligate parasites.
It possessed a head, a worm-like body, and two pairs of limbs.The 425-million-year-old Silurian fossil holotype specimen was found still attached to its fossilised host, a specimen of the ostracod Nymphatelina gravida, at an undisclosed location in England.
It is now in Oxford University Museum of Natural History.
It was first described in the journal Current Biology in 2015.
Rosewood (formerly, Stumpville) is an unincorporated community in Humboldt County, California.
It is located 1 mi (1.6 km) south of Eureka, at an elevation of 131 feet (40 m).The Stumpville post office opened in 1930, changed its name to Rosewood in 1941, and closed for good in 1955.
The entire area became part of unincorporated Eureka, California
Lustre is the fourth studio album released by Claire Voyant.
Puzdrino (Russian: Пуздрино) is a rural locality (a village) in Beryozovsky District, Perm Krai, Russia.
The population is 113 as of 2010.
Bavers (Persian: باورس‎, also Romanized as Bāvers; also known as Yāvers) is a former village in Hesar Kharvan Rural District, Mohammadiyeh District, Alborz County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 1,858, in 465 families.The former villages of Bavers and Zibashahr came together to create the city of Mohammadiyeh.
Source Tags & Codes is the third album by American rock band ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead and the first distributed by a major record label.
It was released on February 26, 2002 to wide critical acclaim.
The album is often cited as the band's finest work, though the band continues to deny it to this day, claiming that their best album "is the one they're currently working on".Music videos were produced for "Another Morning Stoner" and "Relative Ways", which saw airplay on MTV2.
Martina Hingis and Leander Paes were the defending champions, but lost in the quarterfinals to Sania Mirza and Ivan Dodig.
Elena Vesnina and Bruno Soares won the title, defeating Coco Vandeweghe and Horia Tecău in the final,  6–4, 4–6, [10–5].
Franz Eckhardt (born August 6, 1927) is an Austrian bobsledder who competed in the early 1950s.
At the 1952 Winter Olympics, he finished fifth in the four-man event and ninth in the two-man event.
The Australian Racing Hall of Fame is part of the Australian Racing Museum which documents and honours the horseracing legends of Australia.
The museum officially opened in 1981 and created the Hall of Fame in 2000.
The numbers in brackets after each name indicates the year of induction into the Hall of Fame.
USS Frankford (DD-497), a Gleaves-class destroyer, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for John Frankford, who commanded the privateer Belvedere during the Quasi-War with France.
Frankford was launched on 17 May 1942 by Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Co., Seattle, Washington; sponsored by Mrs. William F. Gibbs; and commissioned 31 March 1943, Lieutenant Commander T. J. Thornhill in command.
Eisenberg is a mountain of Saxony, southeastern Germany.
Focus is a 1945 novel by Arthur Miller which deals with issues of racism, particularly antisemitism.
In 2001, a film version, starring William H. Macy, was released.
The River Rea (pronounced "ray") is a small river which passes through Birmingham, England.
It is the river on which Birmingham was founded by the Beorma tribe in the 7th century.
Thyreochaetus hirsutus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Thyreochaetus.
Płaszewko [pwaˈʂɛfkɔ] (German: Plassow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
The village has a population of 103.
Beer is a relatively small lunar impact crater located on the Mare Imbrium, to the east of the crater Timocharis.
It was named after German astronomer Wilhelm W. Beer.
Just to the northwest is the matching twin Feuillée.
Beer is a circular, cup-shaped crater with a sharp-edged rim that has not been significantly eroded.
The interior has a higher albedo than the surrounding lunar mare, which is usually an indication of a relatively young crater.
A string of craterlets arc away from the rim to the southwest, known as Fossa Archimedes.
The mare to the east has a higher albedo than the surrounding surface, and this lighter-hued surface reaches to the base of the Montes Archimedes.
To the southeast of Beer is a lunar dome that is of comparable diameter to the crater.
Haddon Township is one of nine townships in Sullivan County, Indiana, United States.
As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,987 and it contained 834 housing units.
Aruana is a genus of jumping spiders in the family Salticidae.
The Shizuoka Railway A3000 series (静岡鉄道A3000形, Shizuoka Tetsudō A3000-gata) is a DC electric multiple unit (EMU) train operated by the private railway operator Shizuoka Railway in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, since 24 March 2016.
Landhi Korangi Zoo (Urdu: لانڈھی کورنگی چڑیا گھر ‎) established in 1990, is a zoological garden located at Korangi, Landhi Town, Karachi District, Sindh, Pakistan.
It is spread over an area of approximately 4 acres (16,000 m2) and contains a fewer variety of animals compared to Karachi Zoo.
The zoo operates under the City District Government Karachi and is a member of SAZARC.
In 2006, 4 million Pakistani rupees were allocated to the Landhi Korangi Zoo for bringing new animals particularly a pair of lions.
The management of Karachi Zoo also provided two pairs of plains zebra, one male and two female of the red-necked wallaby, one pair of Arabian oryx and two pairs of ostrich.
I Know My First Name Is Steven is a 1989 American television miniseries about kidnap victim Steven Stayner.
The two-part miniseries was first broadcast by NBC on May 21–22, 1989.
Screening rights were sold to a number of international television companies including the BBC, which screened the miniseries in mid-July of the following year; later still, it was released as a feature-length movie.
It was nominated as Best Miniseries or Television Film at the 47th Golden Globe Awards and received four Emmy Award nominations.
The Supermarine Sea Urchin was an unbuilt British racing biplane flying boat designed by the Supermarine Aviation Works to compete in the 1924 Schneider Trophy.
It was to be a single seat biplane, powered by a Rolls-Royce Condor V-12 water-cooled engine buried in the fuselage, driving a pusher propeller mounted on the upper wing via geared shafts.
It was abandoned without being built owing to problems with the engine and the transmission required to drive the propeller.
Saros cycle 128, repeating every 18 years, 11 days, containing 73 events.
Edith Hemenway (Edith Fitz, Boston, 23 December 1926-) is an American composer and pianist.
Tupigea is a genus of spiders in the Pholcidae family.
It was first described in 2000 by Huber.
As of 2017, it contains 12 species, all from Brazil.
Zombies is an American musical and dance Disney Channel Original Movie that premiered on Disney Channel on February 16, 2018.
The film is based on Zombies & Cheerleaders by David Light and Joseph Raso, and stars Milo Manheim and Meg Donnelly, playing zombie football player Zed and human cheerleader Addison who meet and fall in love, and who must lead their respective groups to coexist with each other.
Boy Pick-Up: The Movie is a 2012 Filipino comedy film starring Ogie Alcasid, Solenn Heussaff, and Dennis Trillo.
The film was directed by Dominic Zapata and released by GMA Films & Regal Entertainment.Boy Pick-Up: The Movie is the film adaptation of Bubble Gang's then latest famous skit "Pick-Up Lines Battle" featuring the fliptop-inspired battle of words using cheesy pick-up lines rather than well-rhyming trash talks.
The film portrays the story of Boy Pick-Up (played by Ogie Alcasid) and Boy Back-Up (Eri Neeman) outside the Pick-Up Lines Battle Arena.
Uppaluri Siva Ramachandra Murty, or U. S. R. Murty (as he prefers to write his name), is a Professor Emeritus of the Department of Combinatorics and Optimization, University of Waterloo.U.
S. R. Murty received his Ph.D. in 1967 from the Indian Statistical Institute, Calcutta, with a thesis on extremal graph theory; his advisor was C. R. Rao.
Murty is well known for his work in matroid theory and graph theory, and mainly for being a co-author with J.
A. Bondy of a textbook on graph theory.
Murty has served as a managing editor and co-editor-in-chief of the Journal of Combinatorial Theory, Series B.
The flag of Russia (Russian: Флаг России) is a tricolor flag consisting of three equal horizontal fields: white on the top, blue in the middle, and red on the bottom.
The flag was first used as an ensign for Russian merchant ships and became official as the flag of the Tsardom of Russia in 1696.
It remained in use until the establishment of the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic (RSFSR) in 1917.
During the Soviet Union's existence, it used a flag with a red field with a golden hammer and sickle and a golden bordered red star on top.
With the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the pre-revolutionary tricolor was re-introduced as the flag of the Russian Federation in 1991 in the 1:2 ratio.
The Tsarist tricolor was fully restored as the current flag in 1993 after the constitutional crisis.
Michael  Churm is a paralympic athlete from Great Britain competing mainly in category T37 sprint events.
Michael has competed in the sprint events at two Paralympics, firstly in 2000 Summer Paralympics where he competed in the T37 100m and then won a silver medal with his teammates in the T38 4 × 100 m relay.
After missing the 2004 Paralympic Games due to injury that was sustained at the British Trials Michael continued and successfully gained selection for the Great Britain NI Team at the 2008 Paralympic Games in Beijing, China where he made both the T37 100m and 200m Finals.
Bondia caseata is a moth in the Carposinidae family.
It was described by Meyrick in 1910.
It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Victoria and South Australia.
Okanogan County Transportation & Nutrition is a non-profit organization headquartered in the Okanogan County's largest city, Omak, which specializes in bus transportation services to Omak, Okanogan, Oroville, Tonasket and Twisp on a total of 5 routes leading up to Wenatchee.
Their location is at 431 West Fifth Street in the city, and serves the counties of Chelan, Douglas, Lincoln and Okanogan County.
The reasoning for its name is because the group hopes to promote nutrition and transportation, having maintained over $1.6 million in revenue.
Funding for the services are offered by the Washington State Department of Transportation and Aging & Adult Care of Central Washington.
It was publicly opened in 1975 to provide food to seniors, and in 1978, the transportation services started.
The Old Town Sebastian Historic District, East is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on August 4, 2003) located in Sebastian, Florida.
The district is bounded by Main and Washington Streets, Riverside Drive, and the FEC Railroad.
It contains 13 historic buildings.
Brits is a large town situated in a fertile, citrus, vegetable and grain-producing area that is irrigated by the waters of the Hartbeespoort Dam in North West Province of South Africa.
It is close to the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality in Gauteng, which includes Pretoria, and it has the same dialling code as Pretoria.
In addition to being a centre for agriculture, the town is home to several heavy industries.
A factory of the Italian car manufacturer Alfa Romeo produced cars for the domestic market and export to Asia from 1974 to 1985.
The town also plays an important role in the South African mining industry: 94% of South Africa's platinum comes from the Rustenburg and Brits districts, which together produce more platinum than any other single area in the world.
In addition, there is a large vanadium mine in the district.
Mothotlung,Letlhabile and Oukasie are the black townships, with Oukasie founded in 1931 being one of the oldest townships in South Africa.The Indian area in Brits is Primindia.
Brits is part of the Madibeng Local Municipality.
Brits is linked to Sandton by the R511 and to Randburg by the R512, and to Pretoria by the R513 and the R514.
Freeway access is by the  N4 Bakwena Toll Route, which was constructed in the early 2000s.
Graziella is a 1926 French silent drama film directed by Marcel Vandal and starring Suzanne Dehelly, Antonin Artaud and Raoul Chennevières.
It is an adaptation of the 1852 novel Graziella by Alphonse de Lamartine.
Here Comes Honey Boo Boo is an American reality television series that aired on TLC featuring the family of child beauty pageant contestant Alana "Honey Boo Boo" Thompson.
The show premiered on August 8, 2012 and ended on August 14, 2014.
Thompson and her family originally rose to fame on TLC's reality series Toddlers & Tiaras.
Ironically, the show's name comes from a taunt that Alana hurled at another pageant contestant during her debut in Toddlers and Tiaras, but a sweeping misinterpretation from the general public resulted in Alana being referred to as "Honey Boo Boo Child" instead.
The show revolves around Alana "Honey Boo Boo" Thompson and her family's adventures in the town of McIntyre, Georgia.
The reality series received predominantly negative reviews from television critics during its run.
On October 24, 2014, TLC cancelled the series after four seasons, following rumours stating that cast member June Shannon started dating a man who was a registered sex offender, which both Shannon and her older daughter Lauryn denied.
A number of episodes had already been taped for a fifth season, but went unaired until April 21, 2017, when TLC aired four of the episodes as the two-hour special Here Comes Honey Boo Boo: The Lost Episodes.
Life in Exile after Abdication is the second album by Moe Tucker, released in 1989.
Rather than performing all of the instruments herself, as on her debut album, Tucker is accompanied by Lou Reed, Jad Fair, Daniel Johnston and members of Sonic Youth.
Reed selected the album as one of his 'picks of 1989'.
The Khangai Mountains (Mongolian: Хангайн нуруу, translit.
Hangain nuruu) are an old mountain range in central Mongolia, some 400 kilometres west of Ulaanbaatar.
Anna Maria Marchocka (June 25, 1603 – April 19, 1652), also known as Marianna Marchocka or Sister Teresa of Jesus, was a Catholic nun and writer during the Counter-Reformation.
Marchocka's spiritual autobiography is believed to be the first of its kind composed by a woman in Poland.
Ivar Nergaard (born July 13, 1964) is a Norwegian actor and writer, born in Rena, Norway.
Joshua "Joe" Mills (13 January 1859 – 21 March 1943) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Council of Western Australia from 1918 to 1924.
Prominent in the state's Murchison and Mid West regions, he served a single six-year term in parliament.
Mills was born at Narra Tarra, a locality on the Chapman River, near Geraldton.
Before standing for parliament, he worked variously as an inspector of stock, a sheep farmer (at Narra Tarra), a station manager (at Wurarga, Barnong, and Gabyon), and an Agricultural Bank inspector.
Mills stood as an "independent Nationalist" candidate for Central Province at the 1918 Legislative Council elections.
He defeated Labor's John Drew, who had become personally unpopular in the seat.
Mills' age (he was 59 when he first stood for office) led to him being nicknamed "Uncle Joe" by The Sunday Times.
After briefly joining the Ministerial Country Party in 1923 (a Country Party splinter group), Mills stood as an endorsed Nationalist candidate at the 1924 election, but was defeated by Drew.
He stood again in 1926, but was defeated by Country candidate George Kempton.After losing his seat, Mills farmed with his son at Waggrakine.
He had married Hannah Maley in 1892, and the couple had one son and one daughter together, but she died in childbirth in 1905.
Her brothers, Charles and Henry Maley, were both later members of the Legislative Assembly (for Irwin and Greenough, respectively).
Mills' own sister, Harriet Mills, was married to Everard Darlot, who was the inaugural MLA for Murchison.
He was consequently the brother-in-law of three other MPs in Western Australia.
Mills died in Geraldton in 1943, aged 84, and was buried at Narra Tarra.
The Anatori River is a small river in a remote part of Tasman District in the far northwest of the South Island of New Zealand.
The river rises as two streams (north and south branch) in the Wakamarama Range, running northwest then north for approximately 12 kilometres (7.5 mi).
The river mouth is accessible via a rough road down the west coast from Farewell Spit and Collingwood, the nearest town.
There is a tiny settlement, Anatori, at the river mouth.
Jim Patton (February 24, 1953—October 23, 2012) was an anthropologist and craft beer brewer.
He was considered one of the pioneers in the craft beer brewing industry.
He was one of the founders of the Abita Brewing Company in Abita Springs, Louisiana.
He also brewed beer for Key West Brewery and Wynwood Brewing in Miami, Florida (Minsky, 2012).
Patton's first career was as a cultural anthropologist.
He received a doctorate in the subject from Washington and Lee University.
His specialty was Andean agricultural economics.
Patton taught at Southeastern Louisiana University in Hammond, Louisiana and Xavier University of Louisiana.
He eventually quit those jobs to become a full-time brewer (Minsky, 2012).
Patton co-founded the Abita Brewing Company in 1986.
The first Abita Beer debuted  on July 4 that same year in New Orleans and Mandeville, Louisiana.
Abita Brewing Company was the first craft brewery to open in the South.
Patton was instrumental in creating many of the recipes for the beers that Abita still produces today (Langenhenning, 2012).
Patton sold his share in the Abita Brewing Company in 1997 and co-founded the Zea Rotisserie and Brewery where he was also the brewmaster.
Later, he would brew beer for Key West Brewery and Wynwood Brewery in Miami, Florida.
Patton was also interested in wine making and worked for wineries in California and Oregon (Langenhenning, 2012).
Jim Patton died in Miami on October 23, 2012 (Langenhenning, 2012).
Gloucestershire Warriors RLFC are a rugby league team from the county of Gloucestershire in England.
They play in the Conference League South and in 2006 made their debut in the Challenge Cup.
Tatsuo Utagawa (宇田川 竜男, Utagawa Tatsuo, 1917 – 2006) is a Japanese ornithologist and retired professor from Azabu University.
A native of Tokyo, he graduated from Tokyo University in 1937 in veterinary medicine.
Worked at Ueno Zoo.
In 1958 he obtained his doctorate in science from Hokkaido University, on research in "A Comparative Study of chromosomes in birds".
Later he became the Section Chief for Birds and Wild Animals at the Experimental Forestry Station for the Japanese Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry.
In 1959 he was awarded the Ornithological Society of Japan Award and published various academic papers in the OSJ journal and other academic journals.
General elections were held in Kenya on 21 March 1988.
At the time, the county was a one-party state with the Kenya African National Union as the sole legal party.
The size of the National Assembly was expanded from 158 to 188 seats prior to the elections.
Although the post of President of Kenya was due to be elected at the same time as the National Assembly, Daniel arap Moi was the sole candidate and was automatically elected without a vote being held.
Following the elections, a further 12 members were appointed by President Moi.
The combination oxycodone/paracetamol (North American trade name Percocet, generic Endocet and Ratio-Oxycocet in Canada) is a combined opioid/non-opioid pain reliever used to treat moderate to severe acute (short-term) pain, marketed by Endo International plc, formerly Endo Pharmaceuticals.
9Live was a commercial German participation TV channel launched on 1 September 2001 and lasted until 9 August 2011.
It originated from a channel called tm3.
Most of its programming is lottery and quiz games, in which the viewer can participate over the phone.
An English version also broadcast in the United Kingdom in late 2004 and early 2005, during E4's downtime hours.
Ernocornutia basisignata is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.
It is found in Peru.
The wingspan is 15 mm.
The ground colour of the forewings is cream, preserved as a large basal blotch, incomplete subterminal interfascia and remnants of subapical interfascia.
Other parts of the ground colour are suffused brownish and dark greyish brown.
The hindwings are grey cream strigulated (finely streaked) with grey-brown.
Mustafa Altıoklar (born 1958) is a Turkish film director, producer and screenwriter.
He is the chairman of the Turkish Film Directors Association and is fluent in English.
Although he graduated from the medical faculty of Istanbul University and specialised in physiotherapy, he decided to pursue a career as a director, especially after the success of his short film The Scar.
Mawlamyine (also spelled Mawlamyaing; Mon: မတ်မလီု pronounced [mo̤t məlɜ̤m]; Burmese: မော်လမြိုင်မြို့; MLCTS: mau la.
mruing mrui.
; pronounced [mɔ̀ləmjàɪ̯ɴ mjo̰]), formerly Moulmein, is the fourth largest city of Myanmar (Burma), 300 km south east of Yangon and 70 km south of Thaton, at the mouth of Thanlwin (Salween) River.
The city is the capital and largest city of Mon State and the main trading center and seaport in south eastern Myanmar.
Dhananjoy Chatterjee (Bengali: ধনঞ্জয় চট্টোপাধ্যায়, translit.
Dhônonjôy Chôṭṭopadhdhay) (14 August 1965 – 14 August 2004) was the only person who was judicially executed in India in the 21st century for a crime not related to terrorism.
The execution by hanging took place in Alipore Central Correctional Home, Kolkata, on 14 August 2004.
He was charged with the crimes of rape and murder of Hetal Parekh, a 14-year-old school-girl.The execution stirred up public debates and attracted immense attention from media.
Dhananjoy was convicted and hanged.This was the first hanging in West Bengal since 21 August 1991 at Alipore Jail.
The Grumman F9F/F-9 Cougar is a carrier-based fighter aircraft for the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps.
Based on Grumman's earlier F9F Panther, the Cougar replaced the Panther's straight wing with a more modern swept wing.
Thrust was also increased.
The Navy considered the Cougar an updated version of the Panther, despite having a different official name, and thus Cougars started off from F9F-6.
Uitweg is a town in the Dutch province of Utrecht.
It is a part of the municipality of Lopik, and lies about 5 km southwest of IJsselstein.
The town consists almost completely of a ribbon of farms along the Enge IJssel and Lopiker Wetering rivers, between Graaf and Lopikerkapel.
It has about 471 inhabitants.
The Maghreb barbel (Luciobarbus maghrebensis) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae.
It is found in Morocco.
The taxonomy and systematics of the Maghreb barbs are subject to considerable dispute.
Some authors consider L. maghrebensis a distinct species, while others include it in the Algerian barb (L. callensis).
Furthermore, some taxonomists consider B. labiosa conspecific with L. maghrebensis when the latter is considered distinct.
It is found in the Sebou basin and rivers flowing into the Moulay Bouselham Lagoon on the Atlantic slope in north-central Morocco.
Sunakali is a 2015 award winning documentary directed by Bhojraj Bhat and produced by Good Neighbours Nepal.
Sunakali is about a girls’ soccer team that overcomes all the obstacles to play soccer finally attaining glory in it.
It stars local girls of Mugu district of remote Nepal which also lies in a mountainous region.
Bhat’s interest in the subject matter rose from this journalistic experience and an opportunity to highlight the aspects of majority of Nepalese society that thwarts their progress.
Production began in early 2000 with Bhat covering the Maoist insurgency in remote areas of Nepal.
Upon its release, Sunakali received tremendous acclaim and awards from all over the world.
It has received awards like “Best Documentary Diamond Award” and has been officially selected at Kendal Mountain Film Festival.Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA)'s official FIFA TV also coverage special reports on SUNAKALI, as titled Meet the 'Himalayan Messi' Published on Aug 21, 2016)
In enzymology, a thiol S-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.9) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction

S-adenosyl-L-methionine + a thiol 
  
    
      
        ⇌
      
    
    {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons }
   S-adenosyl-L-homocysteine + a thioetherThus, the two substrates of this enzyme are S-adenosyl methionine and thiol, whereas its two products are S-adenosylhomocysteine and thioether.
This enzyme belongs to the family of transferases, specifically those transferring one-carbon group methyltransferases.
The systematic name of this enzyme class is S-adenosyl-L-methionine:thiol S-methyltransferase.
Other names in common use include S-methyltransferase, thiol methyltransferase, and TMT.
This enzyme participates in selenoamino acid metabolism.
Leccinellum albellum is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.
Originally described by Charles Horton Peck as a species of Boletus, and, after 1945, usually considered a species of Leccinum, it was transferred to the newly created genus Leccinellum in 2003.
The bolete was reported from a Mexican beech (Fagus mexicana) forest in Hidalgo, Mexico in 2010.
In Belgium there are ten official public holidays.
Other particular days are also celebrated, but these are not official public holidays and employers are not obliged to give their employees a day off.
However, some employers do award a day's holiday in accordance with union negotiations.
Bob Dylan in the 1980s: Volume One, released by ATO Records, is the brainchild of producers Jesse Lauter (Elvis Perkins, The Low Anthem) and Sean O’Brien (Dawes, PAPA).
The mission of Bob Dylan In The 1980s: Volume One is to shed new light on a large cache of Bob Dylan songs that have long gone ignored, covering the period starting with 1980’s Saved and ending with 1990’s Under The Red Sky (including unreleased material — the “80s Basement Tapes” — and The Traveling Wilburys).
Contributors include: Built To Spill, Gene Ween of Ween & Slash, Glen Hansard, Reggie Watts, Bonnie “Prince” Billy, Lucius, Langhorne Slim, Craig Finn Of The Hold Steady, Deer Tick, Dawn Landes, Josh Kaufman, Blitzen Trapper, Carl Broemel Of My Morning Jacket, Elvis Perkins and more.
Theppakadu is a village in Nilgiris district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
It has a reserve forest which is part of the Mudumalai National Park in northern Tamil Nadu touching south of Karnataka.
Theppakadu is 240 km (150 mi) from Bangalore, via Mysore through SH17 and NH 212 (Ooty road).
John Sargent Rockwell (born September 16, 1940) is an American music critic, editor, arts administrator, and dance critic.
He studied at Phillips Academy, Harvard, the University of Munich, and the University of California, Berkeley, earning a Ph.D. in German cultural history.
You're Not So Tough is a 1940 Universal Studios film that starred Dead End Kids and the Little Tough Guys.
Studio: Selected Studio Recordings 1986–1995 is an album by the Canadian alt-country band Cowboy Junkies, released in 1996.
Khargush Khani (Persian: خرگوش خاني‎, also Romanized as Khargūsh Khānī and Khargūsh Khūnī) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 11 families.
The 1952–53 Southern Football League season saw Headington United win the championship.
Five Southern League clubs applied to join the Football League at the end of the season, but none were successful.
Karl Glitscher (1886 – 1945) was a German physicist who made contributions to quantum mechanics.
Cosmos College of Management and Technology is an engineering college based in Lalitpur, Nepal established in 2001 by its chairman, Prof. Dr. Uttam N. Shrestha, who is the former Dean of IOE Pulchowk.
It is affiliated with the Pokhara University.
The Namibia Press Agency (NAMPA) is the national news agency of the Republic of Namibia.
It was founded in 1987 under the name Namibia Press Association as a SWAPO partisan press agency, and resuscitated after independence under its current name in 1991.
Its operation is regulated by the Namibia Press Agency Act of 1992.
The state owned agency is responsible for news distribution and picture services to local and international customers.
Up until now, the agency offers text and picture services, but no audio or video material.
About 20 journalists and 30 other staff members work for NAMPA.
Aside from its Windhoek headquarters, the agency has offices in Swakopmund, Gobabis, Ongwediva/Oshakati, Opuwo and Rundu.
Most media in Namibia rely on the services of NAMPA, especially for international news.In October 2002, the Committee to Protect Journalists asserted that NAMPA has "...long practiced self-censorship on contentious issues", while also accusing the Agency of being a government mouthpiece.
Alexandre Mars (born c. 1976) is a French-born businessman and philanthropist.
Blinded wine tasting is wine tasting undertaken in circumstances in which the tasters are kept unaware of the wines' identities.
The blind approach is routine for wine professionals (wine tasters, sommeliers and others) who wish to ensure impartiality in the judgment of the quality of wine during wine competitions or in the evaluation of a sommelier for professional certification.
More recently wine scientists (physiologists, psychologists, food chemists and others) have used blinded tastings to explore the objective parameters of the human olfactory system as they apply to the ability of wine drinkers (both wine professionals and ordinary consumers) to identify and characterize the extraordinary variety of compounds that contribute to a wine’s aroma.
Similarly, economists specializing in the wine market have utilized the technique in their research.
Some blinded trials among wine consumers have indicated that people can find nothing in a wine's aroma or taste to distinguish between ordinary and pricey brands.
Some academics, based on blinded wine tastings, have also cast doubt on the ability of professional tasters to judge wines consistently.
Robert Melville Smith (14 October 1887 – 16 November 1950) was a civil engineer, who, as deputy minister of the Ontario Department of Highways (now the Ministry of Transportation) between 1928 and 1943, designed and constructed the Queen Elizabeth Way, the first divided intercity highway in North America.
Dheeraj Rattan is an Indian writer and director, best known for his work in the movies Jatt & Juliet, Tu Mera 22 Main Tera 22 and Singh vs Kaur, among several other blockbusters from the Punjabi film industry.
He is credited with being one of the talents who played a key role in taking Punjabi cinema to greater heights in the past decade.
He is a leading, sought-after writer and director, widely appreciated and recognized for bringing a different style of storytelling to Punjabi cinema with stories.
Upwelling is  an oceanographic phenomenon that involves   wind-driven motion of dense, cooler, and usually nutrient-rich water towards the ocean surface, replacing the warmer, usually nutrient-depleted surface water.
The nutrient-rich upwelled water stimulates the growth and reproduction of primary producers such as phytoplankton.
Due to the biomass of phytoplankton and presence of cool water in these regions, upwelling zones can be identified by cool sea surface temperatures (SST) and high concentrations of chlorophyll-a.The increased availability of nutrients in upwelling regions results in high levels of primary production and thus fishery production.
Approximately 25% of the total global marine fish catches come from five upwellings that occupy only 5% of the total ocean area.
Upwellings that are driven by coastal currents or diverging open ocean have the greatest impact on nutrient-enriched waters and global fishery yields.
Dance Again... the Hits is the first greatest hits album of American singer Jennifer Lopez.
It was released on July 20, 2012, by Epic Records, to coincide with the launch of her first world tour, the Dance Again World Tour.
Lopez previously conceived plans for a greatest hits album in 2009, but instead opted to use the material recorded for her seventh studio album, Love?, which was released by Island Records in May 2011 after her departure from Epic Records in 2010.
As Lopez owed the label one last album to fulfill her contract, she began work on a new greatest hits album in November 2011.
She later became unsure whether she wanted to go along with plans to release a greatest hits album or a new studio album, eventually deciding on the former.
Dance Again... the Hits comprises eleven previously released tracks, and two new recordings: "Dance Again" and "Goin' In".
A deluxe edition of the album was also released, featuring three additional previously released tracks, and a DVD featuring a selection of eleven music videos.
The album received generally positive reviews from music critics, who praised it as a reflection of Lopez's success.
Some critics expressed their disappointment in the absence of several successful singles, but deemed this as impressive, noting that this may have been due to the large volume of hit singles she has released over the years.
Dance Again...
The Hits was a moderate commercial success, peaking within the top ten in fourteen national charts, and the top twenty in ten national charts.
Dynasty Warriors 8 (真・三國無双7, Shin Sangokumusō 7, known in Japan as Shin Sangokumusou 7) is a hack and slash video game and the eighth official installment of the Dynasty Warriors series.
It is developed by Omega Force and published by Tecmo Koei.
The story is based on the 14th-century Chinese historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
Having more than 82 characters featured in the game, the game largely based its system on Dynasty Warriors 7 and focused on adding more content for replayability while also making several tweaks to the combat system.The game was unveiled on October 30, 2012 via Jump Magazine and released on February 28, 2013 for the PlayStation 3 in Japan.
On April 3, 2013, it was confirmed by Tecmo Koei that there would be an overseas release for both North America and Europe in July 2013.
It was released on both PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 for both physical and digital release.
The option of English and Japanese voice overs also return, where there is also an option to change the subtitles to English, French or German.
The game is followed by two expansions.
The first, Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends was released for PlayStation 3 on November 28, 2013 in Japan and in 2014 in North America and Europe.
Versions for PlayStation Vita and PlayStation 4 are developed as well, both of which package the expansion with the original version and are released under the title of Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends - Complete Edition.
The PlayStation Vita version was released on the same day as PlayStation 3, while the PlayStation 4 version was released as a launch title for the console in Japan, on March 25, 2014 in North America, and on April 4, 2014 for Europe.
The PC port for Complete Edition was released on May 13, 2014, with a port for Nintendo Switch following on December 27, 2018.
The second expansion, Dynasty Warriors 8: Empires was released for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on November 20, 2014 in Japan, with North American and European versions released in February 2015 for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox One and Microsoft Windows (via Steam).
A Japan-exclusive Switch port of Empires was released on November 9, 2017.
The Ciorogârla River is a left tributary of the river Sabar in Romania.
It discharges into the Sabar in Jilava.
For the flood protection of the city of Bucharest the floods of the Dâmbovița River are diverted at Brezoaele into the Ciorogârla River.
Susan Powell is a weather reporter for the BBC.
She telecasts on the BBC News Channel, BBC One, BBC World, BBC Radio Four, and she is a main weather reporter on the BBC Six O'Clock News and BBC Radio Five Live.
She was previously a main weather reporter on the BBC Ten O'Clock News.
The Independent Education Union of Australia (IEU), with a current membership of over 75,000, is the federally registered industry union representing all employees working in non-government schools and institutions across Australia.
Included in its membership are principals, teachers, and various categories of clerical, administrative, educational support staff and school services officers employed in primary and secondary schools; and teachers working in some private pre-school settings, Life Education Centres, business colleges and private English Language colleges.
The state branches of the IEU are:
New South Wales /Australian Capital Territory Independent Education Union (NSW/ACT IEU)
Independent Education Union Victoria Tasmania.
(IEU Vic/Tas)
Queensland Independent Education Union (QIEU) - Independent Education Union Australia - Queensland & Northern Territory Branch (IEUA-QNT)
Independent Education Union South Australia (IEU SA)
Independent Education Union Western Australia (IEU WA)
Teachers working in the State Government schools system are covered by the Australian Education Union (AEU).
Kyosuke Yoshikawa (吉川 京輔, Yoshikawa Kyōsuke, born November 8, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.
The sixth electoral unit of Republika Srpska is a parliamentary constituency used to elect members to the National Assembly of Republika Srpska since 2014.
It consists of the Municipalities of Ugljevik,
Šamac,
Donji Žabar,
Pelagićevo,
Bijeljina and
Lopare as well as the Brcko District.
Caroline Hunt (1865-1927) was an American home economist.
Appointed Professor of Home Economics at the University of Wisconsin in 1903, Hunt was forced to resign in 1908.
Julia Görges was the defending champion, but chose to compete in Luxembourg instead.
Daria Kasatkina won the title, defeating Ons Jabeur in the final, 2–6, 7–6(7–3), 6–4.
Jabeur became the first player representing Tunisia to reach a WTA final.
With her win over the Tunisian, Kasatkina broke inside the top 10 world ranking for the first time in her career, and qualified for the 2018 WTA Finals as the first alternate, replacing Aryna Sabalenka.
Two referendums were placed on the statewide ballot in Maine in 2018.
Both were citizen initiated proposals.
One was a special referendum election held on June 12, 2018, in conjunction with state primary elections, which covered:

Repeal of ranked choice voting delay: This was a people's veto referendum that sought to repeal a law passed by the Maine Legislature that delayed the implementation of ranked choice voting and would possibly have led to its outright repeal.
Ranked choice voting was passed by Maine voters in a 2016 referendum.
The people's veto was successful, with 53.88% voting yes.
A regularly scheduled referendum election was held on November 6, 2018, in conjunction with elections for federal and state offices, which covered:

Home health care funding: This proposal sought to implement a 3.8% tax on income above $128,400 to fund in-home health care services for elderly and disabled Mainers, as well as create a government board to administer the funds.
Stamer is a surname.
Notable people with the name include:

Henrik Stamer Hedin (born 1946),  Danish communist and translator, chairman of Communist Party of Denmark
Josh Stamer (born 1977), American football linebacker
Lovelace Stamer (1829–1908), Anglican Bishop of Shrewsbury
William Donovan Stamer (1895–1963), British army officer
Qafë Botë is a mountain pass through the Albanian mountains along the border between Albania and Greece.
In this place is situated a border crossing point between the two countries.
Ako Denot Mi E Nokj (in Macedonian: Ако Денот Ми Е Ноќ, English: If Daylight is My Night) is the second solo album by the Macedonian singer Kaliopi.
Josef Epp (1 March 1920 – 28 February 1989) was an Austrian footballer, who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympic Games.
He played in the forward position.
Dandot railway station (Urdu: ڈنڈوٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎,) is located in Dandot RS, village, Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil, Jhelum District, of Punjab province, Pakistan.
St. Athanasius – Linopetra Lyceum is a public secondary education school in Limassol, Cyprus.
Established and operated the academic year 2001–2002, the school promotes the objectives of education as these were defined by the government, but also the specific objectives of the school.
The school's first principal was Georgios Chantzikonstantinou, a physicist.
Conus milneedwardsi, known to collectors as the "Glory of India",  is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.Like all species within the genus Conus, these snails are predatory and venomous.
They are capable of "stinging" humans, therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
Subspecies
Conus milneedwardsi clytospira Melvill & Standen, 1899
Conus milneedwardsi eduardi Delsaerdt, 1997
Conus milneedwardsi lemuriensis Wils & Delsaerdt, 1989
Conus milneedwardsi milneedwardsi Jousseaume, 1894: common name: the Glory of India cone
West Houston Airport (IATA: IWS, ICAO: KIWS, FAA LID: IWS) is a privately owned, public use airport in Harris County, Texas, United States.
It is located 13 nautical miles (15 mi; 24 km) west of Downtown Houston, in an unincorporated area of the county, immediately west of the Houston city limits in the Greater Katy area.
It was established in 1962 and was formerly called Lakeside Airport up until the early 1980s, which was in reference to its location near the edge of Addicks reservoir.
This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation reliever airport.
Houston Air Route Traffic Control Center in Houston is the airport's designated ARTCC.
Werner Zirngibl (born 4 September 1956) is a former professional tennis player from Germany.
The Bangladesh national under-19 cricket team have been playing official Under-19 ODI matches since 1997 including competing in the last five World Cups.
They have also played eight youth Tests since 2004.
Future international players to have represented the team include Mohammad Ashraful, Aftab Ahmed, Nafees Iqbal, Shahadat Hossain, Mustafizur Rahman, Mashrafe Mortaza, Taskin Ahmed, Sabbir Rahman, Mehidy Hasan Miraz and many youth .
Deliver Us from Evil is Budgie's tenth album, released in October 1982 on RCA Records, and according to Burke Shelley its theme "attacks the power structures of East and West and the balance of terror"; it also "refers to all kinds of evil, not just The Bomb and war, but the main theme calls for world peace".
One reviewer suggested that the album's lyrics were influenced by Shelley becoming a born-again Christian.
According to Steve Williams, "the concept of the album came about as an accident.
We didn't write 'Bored With Russia'.
Don (Smith) brought that over from America and that started the ball rolling.
We played it a few times and it started the whole concept".
The song was written by producer Beau Hill, erroneously credited as Bo Hill, and demoed up with his late-1970s outfit Airborne.
It was finally issued on the band's 2003 archives release The Dig.
Reception of the album was mixed, due to a more commercially oriented sound than previous releases.
It has been described as either "a complete musical shipwreck"  or  "a collection which not only sounds fantastic but bristles with great songs and exquisite often Who-like arrangements".
Their commercial appeal has been justified as a "conscious effort to broaden their horizons" in order to attend "a market more attuned to melody than mere muscle".
The album release was followed with a UK tour from late October to December 1982.
Celerena mutata is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Francis Walker in 1865.
It is found in New Guinea.
Nsok is a town in Equatorial Guinea.
It is located in the province of Wele-Nzas and has a (2005 est.)
population of 4620.
SG Heidelberg-Kirchheim is a German association football club from the Kirchheim district of the city of Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg.
The club's greatest success has been promotion to the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg on three occasions, in 1984, 1996 and 1998.
It last played at this level in the 2000–01 season.
The club has also qualified for the DFB-Pokal, the German Cup, on two occasions courtesy to North Baden Cup wins.
Rijau is a Local Government Area in Niger State, Nigeria.
Its headquarters are in the town of Rijau.
It has an area of 3,196 km² and a population of 176,053 at the 2006 census.
The postal code of the area is 923.
The 1950 San Francisco 49ers season was the team's first season in the NFL, after playing the previous four years in the All-America Football Conference, which folded after the 1949 season.
The 49ers, Baltimore Colts, and Cleveland Browns all joined the NFL from the AAFC.
San Francisco's first NFL game was at Kezar Stadium on September 17 against the New York Yanks, as the 49ers fell short, losing by a score of 21–17.
They started the season 0–5 before recording their first NFL victory in a 28–27 victory over the Detroit Lions at home.
The Niners played better after the 0–5 start, went 3–4 in their remaining 7 games to finish the season 3–9, and failed to qualify for the playoffs.
Quarterback Frankie Albert completed 50.7% of his passes, while throwing for 14 touchdowns and 23 interceptions.
Running back Joe Perry rushed for a team-high 647 yards and 5 touchdowns, while wide receiver Alyn Beals caught 22 passes for 315 yards, and 3 touchdowns.
Pedro Joel Pereira Silva (born 24 October 1990), known as Joel, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Vilaverdense F.C.
as a forward.
Sponde ( SPON-dee; Greek: Σπονδή), also known as Jupiter XXXVI, is a natural satellite of Jupiter.
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the temporary designation S/2001 J 5.Sponde is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,253 Mm in 771.604 days, at an inclination of 154° to the ecliptic (156° to Jupiter's equator), in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.443.
It was named in August 2003 after one of the Horae (Hours), which presided over the seventh hour (libations poured after lunch).
The Hours, goddesses of the time of day but also of the seasons, were daughters of Zeus (Jupiter) and Themis.
It belongs to the Pasiphae group, irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22.8 and 24.1 Gm, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.
The BMI Awards are annual award ceremonies for songwriters in various genres organized by Broadcast Music, Inc., honoring songwriters and publishers.
The main pop music award was founded in 1952.
The 63rd Annual BMI Pop Awards were held at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on May 13, 2015.The 64th annual BMI Awards took place on 10th May, 2016, with Taylor Swift winning an award named after her.
The list of ship launches in 1985 includes a chronological list of all ships launched in 1985.
Wayne Maurice Keown (born November 29, 1949) is an American professional wrestling manager, booker and retired professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Dutch Mantel (also spelled  Dutch Mantell).
Keown debuted in 1972, as Wayne Cowan.
He achieved fame on the regional and independent circuits, as well as World Championship Wrestling (WCW), as Dutch Mantel.
Keown also worked with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE) as Uncle Zebekiah in the early to mid-1990s, and again in the 2010s as Zeb Colter.
In the late 1990s, 2000s, and late-2010s, he worked as a booker for the World Wrestling Council (WWC), the International Wrestling Association, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) as well as Championship Wrestling from Florida.
Statistics of Emperor's Cup in the 1946 season.
Kangaru is a settlement in Kenya's Central Province.
The 2012–13 figure skating season began on July 1, 2012, and ended on June 30, 2013.
During this season, elite skaters from men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dance competed on the International Skating Union (ISU) Championship level at the 2013 European, Four Continents, World Junior, and World Championships.
They also competed in elite events such as the Grand Prix series and Junior Grand Prix series, culminating in the Grand Prix Final.
The Ghana Medical Journal is a quarterly open-access peer-reviewed medical journal from Ghana.
It is published by the Ghana Medical Association and the current editor-in-chief is David Ofori-Adjei.
The journal is under the African Health Journals Partnership Project that is funded by the United States National Library of Medicine and the John E. Fogarty International Center.
Full text of published articles are available on the journal's website and through African Journals OnLine and PubMed Central.
Artemisia tridentata, commonly called big sagebrush, Great Basin sagebrush or (locally) simply sagebrush, is an aromatic shrub from the family Asteraceae, which grows in arid and semi-arid conditions, throughout a range of cold desert, steppe, and mountain habitats in the Intermountain West of North America.
The vernacular name "sagebrush" is also used for several related members of the genus Artemisia, such as California sagebrush (Artemisia californica).
Big Sagebrush and other Artemisia shrubs are the dominant plant species across large portions of the Great Basin.
The range extends northward through British Columbia's southern interior, south into Baja California, and east into the western Great Plains of New Mexico, Colorado, Nebraska, and the Dakotas.Several major threats exist to sage brush ecosystems, including human settlements, conversion to agricultural land, livestock grazing, invasive plant species, wildfires, and climate change.
Sagebrush provides food and habitat for a variety of species, such as sage grouse, pronghorn antelope, grey vireo, pygmy rabbit, and mule deer.
Artemisia tridentata is the state flower of Nevada.
Nicola Jane "Nikki" Campbell (born 9 September 1980) is an Australian female golfer.
Campbell was born in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
She moved with her family to Australia in 1983.
At the age of 12 she began playing golf at the Federal Golf Club in Canberra.
She turned pro in 2002, and has played mostly on the LPGA of Japan Tour, but has played in some LPGA Tour tournaments.
She has won two tournaments, most recently the Fujitsu Ladies at the Seven Hundred Club in Chiba, Japan.Her brother Chris Campbell is a professional golfer on the Japan Golf Tour.
Henry Waugh Renny-Tailyour (9 October 1849 – 15 June 1920) was an amateur all-round sportsman who appeared for Scotland in some of the earliest international football and rugby union matches, remaining to this day the only player to have represented the country in both codes.
He also played first class cricket for Kent County Cricket Club and was an accomplished athlete.
Pavel Chasnowski (Belarusian: Павел Часноўскі; Russian: Павел Чесновский (Pavel Chesnovskiy); born 4 March 1986) is a Belarusian professional footballer, who is currently playing for Shakhtyor Soligorsk.
Jemgum is a municipality in the Leer district, in the northwest of Lower Saxony, Germany.
The area is known as Rheiderland (German) or Reiderland (Dutch).
Rheiderland is located in East Friesland.
The East Friesland area of Germany (also known in English as East Frisia) is home to German writers Georg Klein (Bunde) and Uwe Kreisel (Jemgum).
The discography of BNK48 consists of six singles and a studio album.
The major singles have title tracks that are sung by a selection of the BNK48 members, called senbatsu (Japanese: 選抜; "selection").
The songs are covers of the Japanese songs originally recorded by AKB48, the sister group of BNK48, with the Japanese lyrics translated into Thai.
The Chōshi Electric Railway Line (銚子電気鉄道線, Chōshi Denki Tetsudō-sen) is a 6.4 km long railway line operated by the privately owned Chōshi Electric Railway between Chōshi and Tokawa stations in Chiba Prefecture, Japan.It is the Chōshi Electric Railway's only line and is facing declining ridership.
The company ventured into selling nure-senbei (moist senbei rice crackers) to subsidize its operations, and the profits from confectionery sales are now double those from its railway operations.
Henrietta Elizabeth "Harriet" Leveson-Gower, Countess Granville (née Cavendish; 29 August 1785 – 25 November 1862) was a British peeress and society hostess.
She was born in Devonshire House as the second daughter of William Cavendish, 5th Duke of Devonshire, by his first wife, the political hostess Lady Georgiana Spencer.
Despite her parents' turbulent marriage, Harriet had a happy childhood.
Her mother's death in 1806 led to an unpleasant situation in which her father's long-time mistress Lady Elizabeth Foster took control of the Devonshire household; as the unmarried eldest daughter, this should have been Harriet's role.
To help her escape this awkward domestic situation, Harriet's maternal aunt Henrietta arranged for her niece to marry her lover of seventeen years, Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Earl Granville.
The couple's marriage proved to be happy, and it produced five children.
Granville served as his country's ambassador to France intermittently from 1824 to 1841, and he was awarded an earldom in 1833.
With her position, Harriet acted as hostess to Parisian society, writing detailed accounts that were later published.
She died in 1862 of a stroke, having been widowed fifteen years.
Defensins are small cysteine-rich cationic proteins found in both vertebrates and invertebrates.
They have also been reported in plants.
They are, and function as, host defense peptides.
They are active against bacteria, fungi and many enveloped and nonenveloped viruses.
They consist of 18-45 amino acids including six (in vertebrates) to eight conserved cysteine residues.
Cells of the immune system contain these peptides to assist in killing phagocytosed bacteria, for example in neutrophil granulocytes and almost all epithelial cells.
Most defensins function by binding to the microbial cell membrane, and, once embedded, forming pore-like membrane defects that allow efflux of essential ions and nutrients.
Defensins are antimicrobial peptides that act mainly by disrupting the structure of bacterial cell membranes and are found in many compartments of the body.
Evidence is accumulating that defensins play a central role in defense against pathogens, and they are considered part of the innate immune response.
They have generally been considered to contribute to mucosal health; however, it is possible that these peptides can be considered biological factors that can be upregulated by bioactive compounds present in human breast milk.
In this sense, the intestinal production of antimicrobial peptides as hBD2 and hBD4 by trefoil from milk might play an important role on neonate colonization, thereby enhancing the immune response of newborns against pathogens with which they may come in contact.
The 2005 Montreal Alouettes finished second place in the East Division with a 10–8–0 record.
This was a disappointing season, by Alouettes standards, but they made it to the Grey Cup the hard way.
They hosted the East Semi-Final and defeated the Saskatchewan Roughriders at Olympic Stadium, 30-14.
They then traveled to Toronto to face the Argonauts at the Skydome, and they won 33-17, to advance to the Grey Cup.
After a hard fought game they lost to the Edmonton Eskimos, 38-35 in what was only the second ever Grey Cup to be won in overtime.
Durresi block is a large off-shore Albanian oil and gas field.
It was discovered in 2003.
It is located 50 kilometres (31 mi) west of the city of Durrës in the west of central Albania.
It is Albania's largest offshore oil and gas field.
Development and Psychopathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research which addresses the interrelationship of typical and atypical psychological development in children and adults.
It was established in 1989 and is published by Cambridge University Press.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 4.357.
Les Hanigan is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and 1970s.
An Australian international and New South Wales representative wing, he played club football in Illawarra for Collegians, in Sydney for Manly-Warringah and in North Queensland for Proserpine.A pro runner from Wollongong, Hanigan was selected to represent Southern New South Wales against the touring Great Britain team in 1966, scoring a try.
He signed on to play in Sydney's NSWRFL competition with the Manly-Warringah club in 1967.
That year he set a new club record for most tries in a match when he scored five tries in a match against competition newcomers, Cronulla-Sutherland.
After playing for New South Wales, he scored two tries in Australia's First Test win over New Zealand.
By the end of the 1967 NSWRFL season he had scored sixteen tries, the most in the competition, before being selected to tour with the 1967-68 Kangaroos.
Hanigan played in 11 games on tour but no Tests.
With Manly-Warringah he reached the 1968 NSWRFL season's grand final and played on the wing in the loss to Souths.
After his time with Manly, Hanigan moved north to captain-coach Queensland's Proserpine club.
From here he was selected to represent North Queensland.
Paul Harland (15 April 1960 - 17 June 2003, Tiel) was the pseudonym of the Dutch science fiction writer Paul Smit.
He wrote several novels, one in English, and one of his collections was translated into English.
Along with his writing he also designed furniture.
Khalid Boulahrouz (pronounced [xɑˈlit bulɑˈrus]; born 28 December 1981 in Maassluis) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a defender.
His nickname is "The Cannibal" for his ability to "eat up" the opposition.
He is noted for his tackling and versatility at the back.He played top-flight football in the Netherlands, Germany, England, Spain, Portugal and Denmark.
A full international from  2004 to 2012, he earned 35 caps and was included in the Dutch squads for two World Cups and two European Championships.
Incorporated into medieval town fortifications, the castle of Genovevaburg stands on the southwestern side of Mayen in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
The castle is the symbol of Mayen and has been rebuilt several times since first being destroyed in 1689.
Its name comes from a legend, according to which the seats of counts palatine, Siegfried and his wife, Genevieve of Brabant (German: Genoveva), were supposed to be on the same hill in (or above) Mayen.
The earliest references linking the legend to this region date to the 17th century.
Since when the castle and its bergfried, the so-called Golo Tower (Goloturm), have been linked to the legend is unknown.
Judo at the 2013 Asian Youth Games was held in Longjiang Gymnasium, Nanjing, China between 17 and 19 August 2013.
Aluna Sagita Gutawa (born 11 August 1993 in Jakarta), better known as Gita Gutawa, is an Indonesian soprano, actress, and songwriter.
She is also the daughter of composer Erwin Gutawa.
Although she originally studied piano, Gutawa later switched to vocals.
She was discovered in 2004 while practising her vocals, then booked to sing a duet with ADA Band.
After Heaven of Love (2005), featuring the duet, sold 800,000 copies, Gutawa was approached by Sony Music Indonesia with an offer to record a solo album.
The success of that album, the self-titled Gita Gutawa, led to numerous acting and marketing job offers.
Since her debut, she has recorded two more albums, the well-received Harmoni Cinta in 2009 and the Islamic-themed Balada Shalawat in 2010.
As an actress, she has starred in two Indonesian soap operas, Ajari Aku Cinta and Ajari Lagi Aku Cinta.
She voiced a character for the animated Meraih Mimpi, and made her feature film debut in 2010's Love in Perth.
Personality-wise, Dian Kuswandini of The Jakarta Post has described Gutawa as being "sweet like cotton candy and warm like a kiss"; however, Gutawa has noted that there are people who believe she succeeded through nepotism.
Gutawa has received several awards, including Best Newcomer at the 2008 Anugerah Musik Indonesia.
She also won the 6th International Nile Children Song Festival in Cairo.
¡Ay, ay, ay!, subtitled Reminiscencias cuyanas, (1913) is a song by the Chilean composer Osmán Pérez Freire.
The spelling Ay-Ay-Ay, though incorrect, is more common in English sources, for example as in the title of a 1963 album by Luigi Alva.
Although often mistakenly called a "Chilean" song, perhaps because of the place of birth of the composer, the style is in fact that of a traditional canción cuyana of the Argentine Cuyo region.
Boris Sobolev is a Russian-born Canadian health services researcher.
He is an author of Analysis of Waiting-Time Data in Health Services Research  and Health Care Evaluation Using Computer Simulation: Concepts, Methods and Applications, and is Editor-in-Chief of the Health Services Research series published by Springer Science+Business Media.
The Derby–Shelton station is a commuter rail stop on the Waterbury Branch of the Metro-North Railroad's New Haven Line, serving the communities of Derby and Shelton, Connecticut.
Located in Derby, Derby-Shelton is the southernmost regular stop on the Waterbury Branch before it joins the Northeast Corridor.
Through service to Bridgeport takes an average of 22 minutes though a peak hour run in each direction also stops at Stratford.
The distance between Derby-Shelton and either of the next stops is the longest between any two stations on the Metro-North system (10.5 miles to Stratford, 15.1 miles to Bridgeport).
The station is 69.5 miles to Grand Central Terminal, with travel time there being an average of one hour, 54 minutes depending on transfer time at Bridgeport.
Travel time to New Haven is an average of one hour, two minutes depending on transfer time.
The station has 75 parking spaces, all owned by the state.
The station house and the parking lot are located on the northeast corner of Exit 15 on Connecticut Route 8, and is accessible to a frontage road along the west side of Route 8 leading to an intersection with Connecticut Route 34 and two ramps leading on and off of southbound Route 8.
This station has one three-car-long low-level side platform to the west of the single track.
Panama is divided into ten provinces (Spanish: provincias).
There are three provincial-level indigenous regions (Spanish: comarcas indígenas, often foreshortened to comarcas).
There are also two indigenous comarcas within provinces that are considered equivalent to a corregimiento (municipality).
Cratypedes neglectus, the pronotal range grasshopper, is a species of band-winged grasshopper in the family Acrididae.
It is found in North America.
Retimohnia glypta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
Eria Fachin (April 20, 1960 – May 9, 1996) was a Canadian dance pop singer, best known for her 1988 single "Savin' Myself".Originally from Hamilton, Ontario, Fachin began performing in the Toronto area at the age of 15 in a variety of capacities, including nightclub performances, roles in musical theatre, recording commercial jingles for local advertisers and performing on television variety shows.
She also recorded a number of singles during this era, including "I'm Not Your Puppet", and married her musical collaborator Lou Bartolomucci in 1986.Fachin released her debut album, My Name Is Eria Fachin, on Critique Records in 1988, and toured across Canada to support the album as an opening act for Candi and the Backbeat.
Three singles were released from the album, "Savin' Myself", "Your Love Just Came Too Late" and a cover of The Supremes' "I Hear a Symphony".
"Savin' Myself", Fachin's biggest hit in Canada and internationally, peaked at #22 on the RPM charts the week of July 2, 1988, as well as reaching the top 15 in the magazine's adult contemporary charts.
The song also peaked at #50 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States, and at #33 on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart.
"Your Love Just Came Too Late" reached at least #86 on the RPM charts, while "I Hear a Symphony" reached #5 on the magazine's dance charts in 1989.
The latter song also finished #16 on the magazine's year-end rundown of top dance singles.In 1990 she appeared on the one-off single "Can't Repress the Cause", a plea for greater inclusion of hip hop music in the Canadian music scene, with Dance Appeal, a supergroup of Toronto-area musicians that included Maestro Fresh Wes, Dream Warriors, Michie Mee, B-Kool, Lillian Allen, Devon, HDV, Dionne, Thando Hyman, Carla Marshall, Messenjah, Jillian Mendez, Lorraine Scott, Lorraine Segato, Self Defense, Leroy Sibbles, Zama and Thyron Lee White.
She also had a modest hit on the RPM adult contemporary charts in 1991 with the non-album single "Hug You Hold You", written by Bartolomucci, and contributed vocals to the self-titled 1991 album by Bartolomucci's jazz band Synthetic Earth.Fachin had begun work on her second album when she was diagnosed with cancer, and was forced to put her career on hold while pursuing treatment.
The only further recording she ever released was the theme song to the Kiefer Sutherland film Woman Wanted.
She died on May 9, 1996 in Oakville.
The Amur Cossack Host (Russian: Амурское казачье войско), a Cossack host created in the Amur region and Primorye in the 1850s on the basis of the Cossacks relocated from the Transbaikal region and freed miners of Nerchinsk region.
Kendall James (born June 29, 1991) is an American football cornerback for the San Diego Fleet of the Alliance of American Football (AAF).
He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the sixth round of the 2014 NFL Draft.
He played college football at Maine.
Owen Roe O'Neill (Irish: Eoghan Ruadh Ó Néill; c. 1585 – 6 November 1649) was a Gaelic Irish soldier and one of the most famous of the O'Neill dynasty of Ulster in Ireland.
O'Neill left Ireland at a young age and spent most of his life as a mercenary in the Spanish Army serving against the Dutch in Flanders during the Eighty Years' War.
Following the Irish Rebellion of 1641, O'Neill returned and took command of the Ulster Army of the Irish Confederates.
He enjoyed mixed fortunes over the following years but won a decisive victory at the Battle of Benburb in 1646.
Large-scale campaigns to capture Dublin and Sligo were both failures.
O'Neill's later years were marked by infighting amongst the Confederates, and he led his army to seize power in the capital of Kilkenny.
His troops clashed with rival forces of the Confederacy, leading to O'Neill forming a temporary alliance with Charles Coote's English Parliamentary forces in Ulster.
He initially rejected a treaty of alliance between the Confederates and the Irish Royalists, but faced with the Cromwellian invasion he changed his mind.
Shortly after agreeing an alliance with the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland Ormond, in which he was promised an Earldom, he died Tuesday, 6 November 1649.
Pittsburgh Field Club is a private country club, established in 1882, located six miles (10 km) northeast of downtown Pittsburgh in the suburb of Fox Chapel, Pennsylvania.
It rounds out an impressive quartet of courses in the suburbs northeast of Pittsburgh, along with the Longue Vue Club, Oakmont Country Club and the Seth Raynor-designed Fox Chapel Golf Club.
Known simply as The Field Club to Pittsburghers, it hosted the PGA Championship in 1937, where Denny Shute successfully defended his match play title.
The club also hosted the Western Open in 1959 as part of Pittsburgh’s bicentennial celebration.
Before he won the U.S. Open in 1953 at nearby Oakmont, Ben Hogan had to qualify for the national championship at the Pittsburgh Field Club, even though he had won three of the previous five.
The course was designed by Alexander H. Findlay in August 1914.
At the time, Findlay was the premier golf course architect in the country, having perfected his design skills for decades in every corner of the country.
The current layout is an amalgam that includes the efforts of Donald Ross, A.W.
Tillinghast, Emil "Dutch" Loeffler, Arthur Hills and Craig Schreiner.
The first tee next to the clubhouse sits high above the fairway; many members suggest aiming for the white steeple of Fox Chapel Presbyterian Church when you tee off there.
Of note is a unique feature to the course layout: An elevator from the 17th green to the 18th tee box.
Amenities at the club include: a skeet range, swimming pool, tennis and paddleball courts, privately stocked fishing lake, driving range, practice area, an 18-hole golf course and a full service restaurant.
David Martin has served as the club pro for more than twenty-five years.
Line Dissing Karred Larsen (born 1 November 1996, in Skagen) known mononymously as Line (pronounced lee-neh in Danish), is a Danish singer.
She took part in season 5 of the Danish X Factor and became one of the finalists in the "Under 25" category, mentored by Pernille Rosendahl.
On the final held on 23 March 2012, she finished runner-up with 38.3% of the public vote behind Ida who carried the title with 61.7%.
She was signed to Sony Music, and her debut single "Efter dig" reached #3 in the Danish Singles Chart.
Keating Supercars is a low-volume kit car manufacturer based out of Bolton, England.
They made their debut in July 2006 with the launch of the TKR.
They built four cars since its launch, the SKR, TKR, ZKR and the Bolt.
At the racing car show, Autosport International 2016, Keating Supercars unveiled a road version of the Bolt to be sold in the US.
Anthony Keating is the founder and CEO of Keating Supercars and designer of the Keating SKR, TKR and ZKR.
Keating was born in Manchester, UK, and the road to Keating Supercars began with a course at the Automobile Engineering institute at the University of Bolton, UK.
Keating graduated with an MBA in Business in 2012 and, together with students from the University of Bolton, hopes to build and make the Keating Bolt, the world’s fastest production car, reaching more than 300 miles per hour.
Keating Supercars plan to sell around 30 cars a year.
The David W. Campbell House is a historic house on Main Street in Cherryfield, Maine.
Built in 1828 as a Federal-style structure, it was altered in the mid-19th century to include a significant number of Italianate features.
Built by a member of the locally prominent Campbell family, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 for its architectural significance, and is a contributing member of the 1990 Cherryfield Historic District.
Gowrie (Scottish Gaelic: Gobharaidh) is a region and ancient province of Scotland, covering the eastern sliver of what became Perthshire.
It was located to the immediate east of Atholl, and originally included the area around Perth (and the ancient Scottish royal sites of Scone), though that was later detached as Perthia.
Its chief settlement is the city of Perth.
Today it is most often associated with the Carse of Gowrie, the part of Gowrie south of the Sidlaw Hills running east of Perth to Dundee.
The Hard Hombre is a 1931 American pre-Code Western film directed by Otto Brower and starring rodeo champion Hoot Gibson.
The film follows a simpleton rancher who is mistaken for a notorious outlaw known as The Hard Hombre.
ALSAT-1 is the first Algerian satellite and it is part of a group of satellites collectively known as the Disaster Monitoring Constellation (DMC).
The satellite was built by a group of engineers from Surrey Satellite Technology (SSTL) and Algerian Centre National des Techniques Spatiales (CNTS).
It was the first DMC satellite to be launched of the five to seven that are planned.
The DMC was the first satellite constellation designed for that objective.
The launch took place on 28 November 2002 from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in northern Russia on a Kosmos-3M launcher in -20 degree Celsius weather.
It completed its mission after seven years and nine months in August 2010.
The satellite was designed to operate for five years.AlSat-1 is built on the SSTL-100 platform.
The onboard instrumentation consists of two banks with three Earth imaging cameras each that, in total, has a resolution of 32 meters in three spectral bands (NIR, red, and green).
The imaging swath of the cameras is 600 km.
The satellite was constructed in a fifteen-month time period by the British and Algerians, of which eleven Algerian engineers were trained by SSTL.
The satellite uses resistojets for propulsion, and butane as its propellant.
The resistojets provide more than 20 m/s of delta velocity.
Ugniewo [uɡˈɲevɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and 93 km (58 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 810.
The cinema of Yemen is very small, there being only two Yemeni films as of 2008.
Released in 2005, A New Day in Old Sana'a deals with a young man struggling between whether to go ahead with a traditional marriage or go with the woman he loves.
In August 2008, Yemen’s Interior Minister Mutahar al-Masri supported the launch of a new feature film to educate the public about the consequences of Islamist extremism.
The Losing Bet was produced by Fadl al-Olfi.
The plot follows two Yemeni jihadis, who return from years living abroad.
They are sent home by an Al Qaeda mastermind to recruit new members and carry out deadly operations in Yemen.
John Senekerim (Georgian: იოანე სენექერიმი) was the ruler of the Kingdom of Hereti from 951 to 959.
John is the only known child of King Ishkhanik.
During his reign Hereti reached an apex of power and prestige, mainly after the annexation of the right bank of Caucasian Albania.
Armenian historian Movses Kaghankatvatsi calls him the "restorer of the Kingdom of Albania".
Later he annexed parts of Kakheti and adopted the title of "King of the Tsanars".
John had a good relations with the representatives of the Sallarid dynasty (Daylam) and with David III Kuropalates of Tao.
Like his father Ishkhanik and grandmother Dinar, he contributed a lot to the conversion of his kingdom.
He died in 959 without heirs.
As a result the prince of Kakheti Kvirike II took the opportunity to annex his estates.
Aldo Bertoldi (born 5 January 1961) is a Swiss racewalker.
He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
The Ellinoglosso Xenodocheio (Greek: Ελληνόγλωσσο Ξενοδοχείο, "Hellenophone Hotel", meaning "Greek-speaking Hotel"), was a secret organization established in Paris in 1814, whose purpose was to educate the Greeks and prepare the struggle against Ottoman rule over Greece.
Two of its founders were the Macedonian Grigorios Zalykis and the Epirote Athanasios Tsakalov.
The organization was a precursor of another organization, Filiki Eteria, of which Athanasios Tsakalov was a founding member and which succeeded in mobilizing Greeks against the Ottoman Empire culminating in the Greek War of Independence.
Among the services of the organization to the Greek movement was the shipment of 40,000 weapons to Greeks in the Peloponnese, Epirus and Macedonia.
That was accomplished through the economic support of Greeks in France, one notable of them being the Paris merchant Stephanos Chatzimoschos.
Αdministration and support also came from Phanariotes and prince Dimitrios Ypsilantis.
The oath of Hellenoglosson Xenodochion was signed with the acronym ΦΕΔΑ, that stands for Φιλικός Ελληνικός Δεσμός Άλυτος ("Friendly Hellenic Indissoluble Bond").
Boreti (Serbian Cyrillic: Борети) is a coastal village and a popular tourist destination in the Budva Municipality, Montenegro.
Jäckvik or Jäkkvik is a mountain hamlet in Arjeplog municipality on Swedish national road 95 (Silver Road).
It is located near Pieljekaise National Park and about 20 km south of the Arctic Circle.
Jäckvik has a lodge and a ski run.
The Swedish priest Lars Levi Læstadius was born in Jäckvik.
InterContinental Hotels Group plc, informally InterContinental Hotels or IHG, is a British multinational hospitality company headquartered in Denham, Buckinghamshire, England.
IHG has about 800,000 guest rooms and 5,000 hotels across nearly 100 countries.
IHG includes several brands such as Candlewood Suites, Crowne Plaza, Even Hotels, Holiday Inn, Hotel Indigo, Hualuxe, InterContinental, Kimpton Hotels and Resorts and Staybridge Suites.
The Troubles in Annaghmore recounts incidents during, and the effects of, The Troubles in Annaghmore, County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
Incidents in Annaghmore during the Troubles resulting in two or more fatalities:
Yeonhui-dong is a dong neighbourhood at the center of Seodaemun-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
It is an area in Seoul near Yonsei university, and actually the name Yonsei comes from the combination of Yeonhui (the former Yonhee College) and Severance (the former Severance Union Medical College, Severance Hospital).
A strategic position during the Korean War (Hill 104), the area is bordered by Hongjecheon to the West (a stream overlooked by an important expressway), Ansan to the East (the mountain where Yonsei University is located), and Yeonnam-dong (Mapo-gu) to the South.
Seodaemun-gu office is situated at the top of this triangle, along with the Seodaemun Health Center (서대문 보건소) and the Seodaemun Youth Center (서대문청소년수련관), with its public swimming pool.
This is a list of senior officers of the British Army.
See also Commander in Chief of the Forces, Chief of the General Staff, and Chief of the Imperial General Staff.
Linda Jarvis (née Howard) is a female former international table tennis player from England.
The 2000 Champion Hurdle was a horse race held at Cheltenham Racecourse on Tuesday 14 March 2000.
It was the 71st running of the Champion Hurdle.
The winner for the fourth consecutive year was J. P. McManus's Istabraq, an eight-year-old gelding trained in Ireland by Aidan O'Brien and ridden by Charlie Swan.
Istabraq became the fifth horse to win three Champion Hurdles after Hatton's Grace, Sir Ken, Persian War and See You Then.
Istabraq started the 8/15 favourite and won by four lengths from the French challenger Hors La Loi III, with Blue Royal a neck away in third.
Apart from Istabraq, the only previous winner of the race to run was Make A Stand who finished last.
Eleven of the twelve runners completed the course.
Madhopur is a village in Barharia block of Siwan district in the Indian state of Bihar.
It is located 2 kilometers (1.24 mi) north of the Barharia block at Barharia-Gopalganj road, It is located 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of the district headquarters Siwan and 150 kilometres (93 mi) from the state capital Patna.
Madhopur is surrounded by Sahpur to the north, Barasra south, Chhatisi east, and Rasulpur to the west.
Barharia, Siwan, Gopalganj, Mirganj, Barauli and Thawe are nearby towns.
There are six villages in Madhopur Panchayat: Madhopur, Kalu Chhapra, Nirkhi Chhapra, Mira Chhapra, Chhakka Tola (Azad Nagar) and Nasir Chhapra
Michelle Ann Boag (born 10 December 1954) is a New Zealand public relations practitioner.
The Joch Pass (German: Jochpass) is a mountain pass of the Uri Alps, located between the Bernese Oberland and Central Switzerland, at the foot of the Titlis.
The pass crosses the col between the peaks of Graustock and Jochstock, at an elevation of 2,207 m (7,241 ft) and at the border between the cantons of Bern and Nidwalden.The pass is traversed by a mule track, now used by hikers and mountain bikers, which connects the town of Engelberg, in the canton of Obwalden and at an elevation of 1,000 m (3,300 ft), with the town of Meiringen, in the canton of Bern and at an elevation of 595 m (1,952 ft).
The track forms part of the Alpine Pass Route, a long-distance hiking trail across Switzerland between Sargans and Montreux.
Paul McCartney: Music & Animation is an animated anthology film compiling three animated short films produced by Paul McCartney.
It was released by Miramax Films on DVD.
The film includes Rupert & the Frog Song, Tuesday and Tropic Island Hum.
Paul McCartney wrote or composed music for each short.
Forish is a raion (district) of Jizzakh Region in Uzbekistan.
The capital lies at Yangikishlok.
Settlements
There are two towns (Uchquloch, Yangiqishloq) and eleven official villages (Arnasoy, Garasha, Gulzor, Darvoza, Omongeldi, Osmonsoy, Uxum, Forish, Egizbuloq, Qizilkum, Qoraabdal), there is also the village of Bino.
Annette Mary Budgett Meakin (1867 – 1959) was a British travel author.
She and her mother were the first English women to travel to Japan on board the Trans-Siberian railway.
The University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Târgu Mureș (Romanian: Universitatea de Medicină și Farmacie din Tîrgu Mureș, or UMF Tîrgu Mureș; Hungarian: Marosvásárhelyi Orvosi és Gyógyszerészeti Egyetem, or MOGYE) is a public university in Târgu Mureș, Romania, founded in 1945.
The university is one of the 6 traditional medical schools in Romania beside Cluj, Bucharest, Timișoara, Iași and Craiova, all being founded before the 1989 Romanian revolution.
The 2005 European Tour was the 34th golf season since the European Tour officially began in 1972.
The 2005 season consisted of 47 official money events, which was a new record total.
This included four major championships and three World Golf Championships, which were also sanctioned by the PGA Tour.
27 events took place in Europe, 10 in Asia, six in the United States, two in South Africa and one each in Australia and New Zealand.
Total prize money exceeded €97 million, including nearly €40 million in the four major championships and three individual World Golf Championships events.
The Order of Merit race came down to the final tournament, and was won by Colin Montgomerie for a record eighth time, and the first since 1999.
The Player of the Year award was given to Order of Merit runner up and U.S. Open champion Michael Campbell of New Zealand.
The Sir Henry Cotton Rookie of the Year was Gonzalo Fernández-Castaño of Spain, who won his first title, the KLM Open during his début season.
Bangladesh–Panama relations refer to the bilateral relations between Bangladesh and Panama.
Both the countries enjoy cordial relations with intentions to expand it further.
Neither country has a resident ambassador.
Rathgama is a small coastal town situated in Galle District, Southern Province of Sri Lanka.
Chit San Maung (born 25 January 1988) is a footballer from Burma, and plays as a defender for Ayeyawady United.
He is not to be confused with the guitarist of the same name who was a member of Saw Bwe Hmu's band.
On 31 May 2010 in an 2010 AFC President's Cup game against FC HTTU Chit was sent off in the 29 minute in an eventual 0-0 draw where HTTU's Arslanmyrat Amanow was also sent off.In the 2015 AFC Cup group stage Chit conceded a first half penalty and was sent off in the second half against Lao Toyota F.C., although Ayeyawady eventually won the match 4-3.Retired in December 2015.
The following is a list of the most populous Peruvian metropolitan areas with over 300,000 inhabitants.
Note that the populations of metropolitan areas are not city populations but rather a combination of a main large city and many other smaller satellite cities.
In Peru, cities with a population of more than 500,000 and with a metropolitan development plan are considered metropolises.
As of the 2007 census, these cities are Lima, Arequipa, and Trujillo.
Nina Bjedov (Serbian Cyrillic: Нина Бједов, born May 18, 1971 in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former Serbian female basketball player.
Jeff Schebler is an American football player who set the NCAA all-time scoring record for a kicker while playing for University of Wisconsin-Whitewater.
Nicknamed the "Golden Boot" on campus, Schebler compiled 470 points from 2006 to 2009.
Harald Ertl (31 August 1948 – 7 April 1982) was an Austrian racing driver and motorsport journalist.
Ertl was born in Zell am See and attended the same school as Grand Prix drivers Jochen Rindt and Helmut Marko.
Ertl sported an impeccable Inspector Clouseau-style moustache and beard.
Basically a journalist, he worked his way through the German Formula Vee and Super Vee, and then on to Formula Three, before a successful switch to Touring Cars.
During this period, he gained sufficient sponsorship to enter Formula One, where he drove with various outfits between 1975 and 1980.
Ertl is probably best remembered as one of the four drivers who helped to get Niki Lauda out of his burning Ferrari in the 1976 German Grand Prix.
Gerard Leever (born 30 April 1960, Naarden) is a Dutch cartoonist.
He is the winner of the 2006 Stripschapprijs.
The Business called itself London's first global business magazine published in the United Kingdom.
It was edited by Allister Heath; published by Andrew Neil; and owned by the Barclay brothers, who also own The Daily Telegraph.
It closed in February 2008 after it failed to prove a commercial success.
Although the magazine was generally thought to be of a high quality, its paid circulation was very small and it relied on numbers of free copies to increase its reach.
The Tribe Flood Network or TFN is a set of computer programs to conduct various DDoS attacks such as ICMP flood, SYN flood, UDP flood and Smurf attack.
First TFN  initiated attacks are described in CERT Incident Note 99-04.
TFN2K was written by Mixter, a security professional and hacker based in Germany.
Foxburrow Wood is a  6.1-hectare (15-acre) Local Nature Reserve in Rainham in Kent.
It is owned and managed by Medway Council.This is a remnant of a much larger historic wood, and it has flora which are indicators of ancient woodland such as herb paris and bluebells.There is access from Mierscourt Road.
Íslenskir kóngar ('Icelandic Kings') is a 2012 novel by Einar Már Guðmundsson, published by Mál og Menning, in Reykjavík.
The Anglican Bishop of Nottingham was an episcopal title used by a Church of England suffragan bishop.
The title took its name after the county town of Nottingham and was first created under the Suffragan Bishops Act 1534.
Until 1837, Nottingham had been part of the Diocese of York, when it then became part of the Diocese of Lincoln.
With the creation of the Diocese of Southwell in 1884, Nottingham became part of that diocese.
Since 2005, Nottingham gives its name to the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham.
Passionfruit is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks, released in 1983 with Warner Bros. Records.
It was Franks' eighth studio album.
Hemipolygona armata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
Popweeed may refer to:

Fucus, a genus of seaweed
Various plants in the family Brassicaceae, with seed pods that pop, especially:
Cardamine
Lesquerella
The Pugh House is a historic house on US Route 65 in Portland, Arkansas.
The house was built c. 1905 to a design by architect Charles L. Thompson.
It is a basic Foursquare house that has been elaborated by a hip roof with flared eaves, and a wraparound porch supported by Ionic columns and decorated with a neo-classical balustrade.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Webster Aitken (June 17, 1908 in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada – May 11, 1981 in Santa Fe, New Mexico) was an American pianist.
He studied piano in Europe with Artur Schnabel and Emil von Sauer.
In 1929, he made his professional debut in Vienna, Austria.
Upon returning to America, he gave a concert in New York City on November 17, 1935.
In 1938, Aitken presented a series of recitals in New York City in programs featuring the complete collection of Franz Schubert's works for piano.
He subsequently devoted his time to teaching.
Aitken performed in the inaugural year of the Peabody Mason Concerts in Boston in 1950.
A live recording of a recital Aitken gave of Beethoven's works was released on a Delos label LP, and in the early LP era he began to record all of Schubert's piano sonatas for EMS Records, in competition with the American Vox series by Friedrich Wührer; the latter came to fruition, becoming the first such cycle on records, but Aitken's ended when his label went out of business.
Le Marais Sainte-Thérèse Professional School is a technical college in Saint-Étienne, France, overseen by the Society of Jesus, dating back to 1913.
Students may work toward a certificate of professional aptitude (CAP); a professional baccalaureate or a technical patent of trades (BTM).
This is a list of songs that have peaked in the top 10 of the Billboard Mainstream Top 40 chart during 2018.
Simon Catterall (born 1964) is an American physicist, currently at Syracuse University and an Elected Fellow of the American Physical Society.
Marie Joseph Demers (May 31, 1871 – July 28, 1940) was a Canadian politician.
Born in St-Georges d'Henryville, Quebec, the son of Alexis-Louis Demers, former M.L.A.
for Iberville, and the brother of Louis Philippe Demers, who sat in the House of Commons of Canada from 1900 to 1906 until he was appointed a Puisne Judge, Superior Court.
Demers was educated at the College of St. Hyacinthe and St. Mary's College, Montreal.
A lawyer, he practised in DeLorimier, near Montreal.
He was elected to the House of Commons for St. Johns—Iberville in the by-election called after his brother was appointed a judge.
A Liberal, he was re-elected in 1908, 1911, 1917, and 1921.
He resigned in 1922, when he accepted of an office of emolument under the Crown.
The 24th European Athletics Indoor Championships were held at the Globe Arena, Stockholm, the capital city of Sweden from Friday, 8 March to Sunday, 10 March 1996.This was the first edition to feature women's pole vault.
Erica Messer is an American television writer, producer, and story editor.
She has written episodes of television series such as Alias, The O.C., Charmed, and Criminal Minds.
She has also co-produced two television shows: Charmed and Criminal Minds, as well as acting as a story editor on Alias and executive story editor on The O.C.
Srikrishna Commission or Justice B.N.
Srikrishna Commission of Inquiry was constituted by the Government of Maharashtra under Justice Srikrishna for investigating the causes of the Bombay riots.
For five years until 1998, he examined victims, witnesses and alleged perpetrators.
The Commission was disbanded by the Shiv Sena led government in January 1996 and on public opposition was later reconstituted on 28 May 1996; though when it was reconstituted its terms of reference were extended to include the Mumbai bomb blasts that followed in March 1993.
The report of the commission stated that the tolerant and secular foundations of the city were holding even if a little shakily.
Justice Srikrishna indicted those he alleged as largely responsible for the second phase of the bloodshed and to some extent the first, the Shiv Sena.
The Shiv Sena government rejected its recommendations.
Since under the Commissions of Inquiry Act, an Inquiry is not a court of law (even if it conducts proceedings like a court of law) and the report of an inquiry is not binding on Governments, Srikrishna's recommendations cannot be directly enforced.
To date, the recommendations of the Commission have neither been accepted nor acted upon by the Maharashtra Government.
Many indicted policemen were promoted by the government and indicted politicians continue to hold high political office even today.On 10 July 2008, a Mumbai court sentenced former Shiv Sena MP Madhukar Sarpotdar and two other party activists to a year's rigorous imprisonment in connection with the riots.
However, he was immediately granted bail.
He died on 20 February 2010 without serving his sentence.
Gmina Ostrzeszów is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Its seat is the town of Ostrzeszów, which lies approximately 134 kilometres (83 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
The gmina covers an area of 187.49 square kilometres (72.4 sq mi), and as of 2006 its total population is 23,346 (out of which the population of Ostrzeszów amounts to 14,536, and the population of the rural part of the gmina is 8,810).
In biochemistry, a glycolytic oscillation is the repetitive fluctuation of in the concentrations of metabolites, classically observed experimentally in yeast and muscle.
The first observations of oscillatory behaviour in glygolysis were made by Duysens and Amesz in 1957.The problem of modelling glycolytic oscillation has been studied in control theory and dynamical systems since the 1960s since the behaviour depends on the rate of substrate injection.
Early models used two variables, but the most complex behaviour they could demonstrate was period oscillations due to the Poincaré–Bendixson theorem, so later models introduced further variables.
Operation Homecoming was the return of 591 American prisoners of war (POWs) held by North Vietnam following the Paris Peace Accords that ended U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War.
Frederick Barnes (1814 – 1898) was a British architect who is best remembered for his work on railway stations in East Anglia.
Martin Nečas (Czech pronunciation: [ˈmarcɪn ˈnɛt͡ʃas]; born 15 January 1999) is a Czech professional ice hockey centre who currently plays with the Charlotte Checkers in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect to the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Nečas made his professional debut with HC Kometa Brno in 2016, and played a prominent role on the team as they won the league championship.
Internationally Nečas plays for the Czech Republic, and first played in an International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) tournament in 2016.
Regarded as a top prospect for the 2017 NHL Entry Draft, he was selected 12th overall by the Hurricanes, and he played one game for the team in 2017 before being loaned back to Brno.
He returned to North America in 2018, and has been mainly playing with the Checkers.
The Surfin' Lungs are a UK surf music band originally from Bracknell, Berkshire, who were formed in 1981 by Chris Pearce and Geoffo Knipe.
The original line-up consisted of: Chris Pearce (lead vocals, guitar), Geoffo Knipe (guitar, keyboards), Steve Dean (vocals, bass) and Lee Money (drums).
Their music has been influenced by groups such as The Beach Boys, The Monkees, The Ramones, Blondie, as well as Dick Dale, while The Barracudas and Dolly Mixture were among their contemporaries when they started out.
Their musical style blended 1960s surf, pop and garage with the then new wave energy, while most of their recent musical output has had a surf and summer theme to it, and the vast majority of their songs are self-penned, with "Mickey's Car" being their first release in 1983 on their own Lover's Leap label.
The band have released a total of eight studio albums; Cowabunga (1985), The Biggest Wave (1987), The Beach Will Never Die (1990), Hang Loose with The Surfin' Lungs (1996), Goin' To Rockingham (2000), Surf, Drags & Rock'n'Roll (2005), and Full Petal Jacket (2010), Surf Factor 8 (2016), plus two compilation albums, as well as five EPs, and four singles: "Mickey's Car" (1983), "Pray For Sun" (1985), "Spirit Of Australia" (1990) and "Beach Bound" (1996).
Kumbakonam is a state assembly constituency in Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu.
Elections and winners in the constituency are listed below.
Eurema proterpia, the tailed orange, is a North and South American butterfly in the family Pieridae.
Étauliers is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France.
I See Things Upside Down (2004) is the second solo studio album from singer-songwriter Derek Webb.
It was recorded at The Smoakstack recording studio in Nashville, Tennessee and engineered by Justin Loucks.
This album branches out musically from what Webb had done in the past, and Webb has stated that he wanted to "dismantle everyone's idea of what kind of music they could expect" from him.Referencing the paradoxes provided in Christ's teachings, I See Things Upside Down investigates the idea that perhaps, contrary to our religious and social standards, failure equals success, poverty equals riches, weakness equals strength, and foolishness equals understanding.
“What are the things that we American Christians value in our culture and how is that different and often ‘upside down’ from true Kingdom values?
I’ve found that often success looks more like failure, riches more like poverty, and that real life often feels more like death,” Webb said in a press release.
Kevin McGowne (born 16 December 1969 in Kilmarnock) is a Scottish former professional footballer.
McGowne was a defender who began his career at St Mirren in 1991.
He joined St Johnstone in 1992 and spent four seasons with the Perth club before being signed by Kilmarnock by Alex Totten.
He spent six years with Kilmarnock and helped them lift the 1997 Scottish Cup after beating Falkirk in the final.
Dundee United was his next destination in 2001 but he spent just one season at Tannadice, making 12 league appearances.
He had a short spell with Partick Thistle in 2003 before re-joining St Mirren the same year.
He helped St Mirren return to the Scottish Premier League by winning promotion in 2005–06.
McGowne left St Mirren in July 2007 after helping the club retain their SPL status in 2006–07.
He joined Montrose, where he was also assistant manager to Jim Weir.
McGowne was sacked by Montrose in October 2008.
He followed Weir to Arbroath as assistant manager for the 2009-2010 season, and then in May 2010 to Brechin City.
Methanesulfonic acid (MsOH) is a colorless liquid with the chemical formula CH3SO3H.
It is the simplest of the alkylsulfonic acids.
Salts and esters of methanesulfonic acid are known as mesylates (or methanesulfonates, as in ethyl methanesulfonate).
It is hygroscopic in its concentrated form.
Methanesulfonic acid may be considered an intermediate compound between sulfuric acid (H2SO4), and methylsulfonylmethane ((CH3)2SO2), effectively replacing an –OH group with a –CH3 group at each step.
This pattern can extend no further in either direction without breaking down the –SO2– group.
Methanesulfonic acid can dissolve a wide range of metal salts, many of them in significantly higher concentrations than in hydrochloric or sulfuric acid.
Santa Bárbara is the capital city of the Santa Bárbara Department of Honduras.
In the 2006-07 season Saracens F.C.
competed in the Guinness Premiership, EDF Energy Cup and European Challenge Cup.
S4C (Welsh pronunciation: [ɛs ˈpɛdwar ɛk], from the Welsh Sianel Pedwar Cymru, meaning "Channel 4 Wales") is a Welsh-language British public-service TV channel broadcast throughout the UK and Republic of Ireland.
The first television channel to be aimed specifically at a Welsh-speaking audience, S4C is the fourth-oldest television channel in the United Kingdom, after BBC One, ITV and BBC Two.
As of 2017-2018, S4C had an average of 131 employees.S4C's headquarters is based in Carmarthen, at the University of Wales Trinity Saint David’s creative and digital centre, Yr Egin.
It also has regional offices in Caernarfon and Cardiff.
When first established, the channel—initially broadcast on analogue television—was bilingual (Welsh and English) outside peak hours, with English-language content consisting of the simultaneous or deferred transmission of programmes from Channel 4 (analogue reception of which was unavailable in most of Wales).
When digital television arrived several years later, S4C added a second, 100% Welsh-language service, called S4C Digidol ("digital").
With the completion of the digital switchover in Wales on 31 March 2010—which made English-language Channel 4 available across Wales—S4C's bilingual analogue channel closed, and what had been S4C Digidol became the default S4C channel, available on Freeview, satellite and cable, and broadcasting entirely in Welsh.
S4C does not commission programming in English, but when English is used on the channel it is left untranslated.
Moreover, most programmes come with English subtitles which viewers can access using their television set's remote control.
Leslee Dart is an American  publicist and entrepreneur.
She is the founder and co-CEO of 42 West (formerly the Dart Group),  which prior to its 2017 acquisition was the largest independently-owned public relations firm in the entertainment industry.
Dart's work has been focused on both actors and filmmakers since the start of her career.
She has represented actors including Meryl Streep, Nicole Kidman, Daniel Day-Lewis, Tom Hanks, and Jessica Lange, and directors Martin Scorsese, Francis Ford Coppola, Jonathan Demme, Mike Nichols, Woody Allen, and Sydney Pollack.
Dart directed the publicity campaigns for the Academy Award-winning films Lincoln, No Country for Old Men, The Departed and Chicago, among others.
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in season 2006/2007.
Sop Tia (Thai: สบเตี๊ยะ) is a tambon (sub-district) of Chom Thong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.
In 2005 it had a population of 12,739 people.
The tambon contains 20 villages.
The 1935 Cal Poly Mustangs football team represented California Polytechnic School during the 1935 college football season.
Cal Poly was a two-year school until 1941, and competed as an independent from 1929 to 1945.
The team was led by third-year head coach Howie O'Daniels and played home games at the new Mustang Stadium in San Luis Obispo, California.
They finished the season with a record of five wins, two losses and one tie (5–2–1).
Overall, the Mustangs outscored their opponents 92–35 for the season, including four shutout wins.
The Arabic Network for Human Rights Information (ANHRI) is a non-governmental organization devoted to promoting freedom of expression across the Middle East and North Africa.
Based in Cairo, Egypt, the organization was founded by prominent Egyptian attorney and human rights activist Gamal Eid, who is currently the ANHRI's executive director.
It collects publications, campaigns, reports, and statements from almost 140  Arabic human rights organizations across the region and republishes them in a daily digest on its website.
The group focuses on supporting free expression, especially via the internet and mass media, and works on behalf of persons detained for expressing their personal views.
It also advocates against censorship in Arab governments.Its mission is described as follows:

Today, there are countless millions of internet users in the Middle East, but it remains difficult for users to find information about human rights.
ANHRI provides a central site where Arabic readers can easily find links to and information about all human rights groups and their work in the region.
The Network also focuses on and seeks the expansion of freedom of expression on the internet in the Middle East.
Above all, there are critical areas that are not only taboo intellectually in the Islamic world and culture, but for which there are also no groups in the region today to even work on, such as, the death penalty, and rights of Christian minorities.
Our objective is to create a space where these issues and other vital information about human rights can be discussed freely, and where people who share an interest in these areas can create a community.
The Arabic Network for Human Rights Information is a member of the International Freedom of Expression Exchange.In February, 2008, the network opened Katib Blogs, which makes it possible for those in the Arab world to obtain an Arabic blog that is uncensured to allow for the expression of ideas suppressed by some Arabic governments.In March, 2008, a legal service website, Qadaya, was launched to provide a resource for journalists, researchers, and activists.
The website provides information on court verdicts, important judicial cases, constitutions from various nations, and legal acts pertinent to the Arab world.In April, 2008, a website devoted to providing accurate information on Darfur for Arab journalists and decision-makers was launched, called Ifhamdarfur.
The website provides a twice-weekly newsletter and gathers Arab news reports about the Darfur crisis.Currently, its website and reports are blocked in Saudi Arabia; it has been blocked since 2003.In November, 2011, ANHRI was awarded with the 2011 Human Dignity Award of the German Roland Berger Foundation.
Edward Dupré Atkinson (2 February 1855, d. 26 April 1937) was Archdeacon of Dromore from 1905 to 1933.Harding was born in Dublin and educated at Rugby and Caius.
He was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1878.
He was ordained in 1881 and his first post was a curacy  at Seapatrick.
He was Rector of Donaghcloney from 1884 to 1919; and Vicar of Kilbroney from 1919 to 1931.
Pataua South is a settlement in Northland, New Zealand, that lies at the mouth of the Pataua River on the Pacific Ocean, and is separated from Pataua North by a footbridge.
It has around 100 houses, many of which are summer baches that remain unoccupied for most of the year.
Thomas Emmett Rickhoff, known as Tom Rickhoff (born July 13, 1944), is a Republican  judge from San Antonio, Texas.
He was the presiding probate court judge in the lawsuit against billionaire sports team owner and automobile dealer Tom Benson filed by Benson's estranged adopted daughter.
Rickhoff was the unsuccessful Republican nominee for Bexar County administrative judge in the general election held on November 6, 2018.
He sought to oust the entrenched Democrat Nelson Wolff, who has held the post since 2001.
Dou Kalender (born May 28, 1985 as Doğukan Kalender) is a composer, multi-instrumentalist, and vocalist from Istanbul/Turkey.
He is known from being the frontman of Ethnical/Symphonic Metal band 'KHEPRA'.
He has appeared in debut album 'Sons of Earth and Sky' and after the release, he took part at festivals with the band in Georgia, Hungary and Ukraine (Metal Heads Mission).
Cosmology Divine released from German Record Label Naturmacht Productions in 10/09/2016.
The band released two single's from the album which are called  We are descending and  Obsession of the Mad
After being a fan of Dante Alighieri's Divine Comedy, He started his own Ambient/Symphonic soundtrack project about Dante's Inferno and released 2 songs from his personal SoundCloud account.
Condicote is a small village in Gloucestershire, England.
It is near the A424 road.
It has a small church dedicated to St Nicholas.
It has evidence of Pre-Roman inhabitants, with an example of a henge.
Performance attribution, profit attribution, or investment performance attribution is a set of techniques that performance analysts use to explain why a portfolio's performance differed from the benchmark.
This difference between the portfolio return and the benchmark return is known as the active return.
The active return is the component of a portfolio's performance that arises from the fact that the portfolio is actively managed.
Different kinds of performance attribution provide different ways of explaining the active return.
Attribution analysis attempts to distinguish which of
the two factors of portfolio performance, superior stock selection or superior market timing, is the source of the portfolio's overall performance.
Specifically, this method compares
the total return of the manager's actual investment holdings with the return for a predetermined benchmark portfolio and decomposes the difference into a selection effect and an allocation effect.
Norman Peyretti (born 6 February 1994) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Aarau.
In medicine, the fecal fat test is a diagnostic test for fat malabsorption conditions, which lead to excess fat in the feces (steatorrhea).
Živojin Juškić (Serbian Cyrillic: Живојин Јушкић; born 16 December 1969) is a Serbian football manager and former player and current manager of TS Ober-Roden.
Bostwick is a historic home located a short distance, below Lowndes Hill, the present-day property, of Bladensburg Elementary School, in Bladensburg, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States.
According to its date plaque, it was built in 1746 by Christopher Lowndes (1713-1785).
The house was later the home of Lowndes’ son-in-law, Benjamin Stoddert (1751-1813), first Secretary of the Navy.
Colonel Thomas H. Barclay (Tory in the American Revolution; brother-in-law of Lt.
Colonel Beverly Robinson; first British consul appointed in New York after the peace of 1783; British agent for prisoners of war in War of 1812) resided at "Bostwick," the oldest surviving structure at Bladensburg.
Located nearby is the Market Master's House, also built by Lowndes.
Bostwick is a ​2 1⁄2-story brick structure laid up in Flemish bond.
A basement and ground level lies under the entire house.
The gable roof, with dormer windows, is slightly belled at the eaves.
The main (west) facade is five bays with a central doorway.
A one-story porch extends across the front, and the pedimented central bay of the porch projects forward.
"C.L.
1746" in wrought lead painted black is embedded high in the south chimney.
Also on the south side is a distinctive buttress added about 1800 by Stoddert, who was concerned about a crack in the wall on that side of the house.
At the base of the buttress are two dungeons or cells.
A gable-roofed common bond brick detached kitchen stands northeast of the house.
Southeast of the house are several 19th century outbuildings and a barn.Bostwick was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The house suffered damage to the north chimney and roof in the August 2011 east coast earthquake.
In 2012, Preservation Maryland placed Bostwick on its list of threatened historic properties.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Penedo (Latin: Dioecesis Penedensis) is a diocese located in the city of Penedo in the Ecclesiastical province of Maceió in Brazil.
Devil and Angel (Chinese: 恶棍天使) is a 2015 Chinese comedy film directed by Yu Baimei and Deng Chao and starring Deng Chao and Sun Li.
It was released in China on December 24, 2015.
The 2015 UEFA Super Cup was a football match between Spanish teams Barcelona and Sevilla on 11 August 2015 at the Boris Paichadze Dinamo Arena in Tbilisi, Georgia.
It was the 40th UEFA Super Cup, an annual tournament contested by the winners of the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League.
Barcelona were appearing in the Super Cup for the ninth time, they had previously won and lost the competition four times each.
Sevilla were appearing in the competition for the fourth time, they had won once and lost twice.
The two sides had met before in the competition in 2006, when Sevilla won 3–0.The teams had qualified for the competition by winning the two seasonal European competitions.
Barcelona won the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League, defeating Italian Juventus 3–1 in the final.
Sevilla qualified as winners of the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League.
They beat Ukrainian team Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk 3–2 in the final.Barcelona won the game 5–4 after extra time to claim their fifth Super Cup title, tying Milan's record.
Their ninth Super Cup appearance was also a record, two ahead of Milan.
Dani Alves's fourth Super Cup win and fifth appearance matched Paolo Maldini's records, while Luis Enrique became the fourth man to lift the UEFA Super Cup as coach and player after Pep Guardiola, Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone.
The nine goals scored was also the most in any Super Cup fixture, and the attendance of 51,940 was a record for a one-off, neutral venue UEFA Super Cup.
Orthogonius hirtulus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae.
It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
Neelavara or Nilavara is a village in Udupi district of Karnataka, India.
Neelavara is situated about 7 km from Brahmavar that lies on NH-17 and around 3 km from Kunjal (Kannada: ಕುಂಜಾಲು) that lies on the road from Brahmavar to Hebri.
Neelavar lies roughly between the river Sita (Kannada: ಸೀತಾ ನದಿ)in the north and the village Kunjal to the south.
Originally it was Neeravara (surrounded by waters- Neeru in Kannada), but later it became as Neelavara.
The famous temple has been a holy place for devotees worshiping Goddess Mahishamardini, Ganapathy, Subrahmanya, Kallukuttiga and Veerabhabra.
Udupi Pejavara Mutt has built a big goshala here.
Zalman Grinberg (September 4, 1912 – August 8, 1983) was a medical doctor who served as the chairman for the Central Committee of Liberated Jews in the American sector of Germany and Austria after World War II.
Reser's Fine Foods, Inc., a United States corporation based in Beaverton, Oregon, manufactures and distributes fresh and refrigerated prepared foods.
Over 1,000 products are available in the 50 U.S. states, Canada, Guam, Mexico, and areas of the Far East.
Its prepared foods are sold in national grocery chains, independent outlets, and convenience stores.
Oregon State University's football stadium, Reser Stadium, is named after the company, which is one of its sponsors.
Reser’s is also a primary sponsor of Erik Jones and the #20 Toyota Camry in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series.
As of 2010, annual revenue was approximately $700 million, ranking Reser's as the sixth-largest private company in Oregon by revenue.
Leonard William Fraser (April 1, 1902 – September 18, 1957) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.
He represented Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1940 to 1941 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Amherst, Nova Scotia, the son of Robert McGregor Fraser.
Fraser was educated at Dalhousie University.
He married Kathleen Blanchet.
Fraser was leader of the Opposition in the provincial assembly in 1941.
He died in Halifax at the age of 55.
Jonas Kristoffer Almén (born 19 November 1984 in Färjestaden) is a Swedish Gitarrist, Rocksinger and Songwriter.
He is co-founder of the swedish rock-band Royal Republic.
José Acasuso was the defending champion but decided not to participate.Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo won the title defeating Jérémy Chardy in the final 6–1, 6–4.
Cerradão is a type of dry forest found in Brazil, associated with the cerrado savanna ecoregion.
Suppressor of cytokine signaling 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SOCS1 gene.
SOCS1 orthologs  have been identified in several mammals for which complete genome data are available.
Arthur W. Fort was United States Assistant Secretary of State for Administration from 1989 to 1993.
Athabasca  (2016 population 2,965), originally named Athabasca Landing, is a town in northern Alberta, Canada.
It is located 145 km (90 mi) north of Edmonton at the intersection of Highway 2 and Highway 55, on the banks of the Athabasca River.
It is the centre of Athabasca County.
It was known as Athabasca Landing prior to August 4, 1913.
Lee Township is one of eighteen townships in Buena Vista County, Iowa, USA.
As of the 2000 census, its population was 272.
Jogither Nagla is a village in Khatima Tehsil of Udham Singh Nagar district, Uttarakhand, India.
Ernulf de Hesdin (died 1097), also transcribed as Arnulf and Ernulphe, was a French knight who took part in the Norman conquest of England and became a major landholder under William the Conqueror and William Rufus, featuring prominently in Domesday Book.
He was disgraced as a suspected rebel and died while taking part in the First Crusade as part of the army of Robert Curthose.
His Majesty the King's 80th Birthday Anniversary, 5 December 2007 Sports Complex (Thai: ศูนย์กีฬาเฉลิมพระเกียรติ 80 พรรษา 5 ธันวา 2550) is a multi-use sports facility in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand, that was built for the 2007 Southeast Asian Games which coincided with the 80th birthday of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, hence the name of the venue.
Completed on 2 July 2007 at a cost of US$65 million, the complex includes tennis courts, swimming pools, an indoor arena "Korat Chatchai Hall" and "Liptapanlop Hall", a velodrome, a gym, a football training pitch complete with floodlights and a small stand, an office block, ticket sales booths, large parking areas, a large lake (an architectural feature not designed for sporting purposes) and, the centre piece, the 80th Birthday Stadium.
The athletes' village is not actually on the site, but is a kilometre further along Highway 304 by which the complex is situated.The complex was purpose-built for the 24th Southeast Asian Games and was also used for the ASEAN Para Games which was held shortly after the SEA Games finished.
Unlike many such developments, the complex has not become a "White Elephant" in the time since the SEA Games.
Many schools tournaments have been held there as has an international tennis tournament, a "masters" (older athletes) athletics tournament, and a friendly-cum-warm-up match played between the Thai national team and Nakhon Ratchasima XI.
The 80th Birthday Stadium is also the home ground of Nakhon Ratchasima F.C.
who moved there from the Nakhon Ratchasima Municipal Stadium in June 2008.
Auraria West station is an RTD light rail station in Denver, Colorado, United States.
Operating as part of the C, E and W Lines, the station opened on April 5, 2002, and is operated by the Regional Transportation District.
It primarily serves the adjacent Auraria academic campus, home to Metropolitan State University of Denver, the Community College of Denver, and the University of Colorado Denver.
Nicholas Richard Trail "Nick" Gubbins (born 31 December 1993) is an English first-class cricketer who plays for Middlesex and Leeds/Bradford MCCU.
He is a left-handed batsman and right arm leg spin bowler.
He made his first-class debut for Leeds/Bradford MCCU against Yorkshire, on 5 April 2013.
He made his Middlesex debut in the summer of 2014 against Northamptonshire and immediately impressed in his first 2 matches, scoring three 50's which included a top score of 95.
Having previously studied at Radley College, he will be looking to follow in the footsteps of Andrew Strauss and Jamie Dalrymple.
Nick graduated from the University of Leeds with a degree in Geography in 2015.
Lough Garr Bog is a peat bog in County Westmeath, Ireland.
The bog is located on the N$ road between the towns of Ballinalack and Rathowen.As a raised bog of ecological interest, it has been declared a Natural Heritage Area.
Sandra M. Macdonald is a Canadian film and television executive.
She has also held important administrative positions with the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) and the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).
Macdonald was born in Prince Edward Island, and earned degrees in philosophy and communications from St. Francis Xavier University, Prince of Wales College and the University of Ottawa.
Following her time at university, she worked as a theatrical producer and designer.
She then became a partner in an independent film and television production company.In the 1980s she worked in various capacities for the Canadian government's Department of Communications, before in 1990 she joined the CRTC as its Director-General of Television.
In this position, she was responsible for licensing television stations and dealing with Canadian content regulations.
In 1992 she became President of the Canadian Film and Television Production Association (CFTPA), dealing with government bodies and industry regulators to represent independent production companies in Canada.In April 1995, Macdonald was appointed as the Government Film Commissioner, the Chairperson of the National Film Board.
Following a report by a parliamentary committee into the role of the NFB, delivered in January 1996, Macdonald had to oversee a major restructuring of the NFB.
Ancitipating a reduction in the NFB's budget of $20 million over the following three years, Macdonald oversaw the closure of the Board's own in-house sound stage and film laboratory; a move to using freelance film directors rather than NFB staff members; the almost-total abandonment of drama film production, and an overall loss of 180 staff positions.
There were also positive artistic moments, however; in 1999 the NFB saw two of its animations, My Grandmother Ironed the King's Shirts and When the Day Breaks, nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
In May 2000, the Association of Professional Executives of the Public Service of Canada presented Macdonald with their Leadership Award for her "revitalization" of the NFB.Macdonald left the NFB in June 2001.
At around this time, the CFTPA presented her with its Jack Chisholm Award, in recognition of her lifetime's achievements in the Canadian film and television industry.
In September 2002 she became the President of the Canadian Television Fund, responsible for administering government investment in Canadian television production.
Walnut Hill, located in Medford, Massachusetts, is the geographical home of Tufts University.
Walnut Hill itself later became known as College Hill due to the dominant presence of the University.
Commandant Dame Edith Margaret Drummond,  (4 September 1917 – 21 April 1987) was a senior British Royal Navy officer.
From 1964 to 1967, she served as Director of the Women's Royal Naval Service (WRNS).
Bulgarian Footballer of the Year (Bulgarian: Футболист №1 на България, Futbolist №1 na Balgariya) is an annual title awarded to the best Bulgarian association football player of the year.
The award has been given since 1961, and the winner is elected by authorized journalists from the leading Bulgarian media.
Sex & Fury, translated Story of Delinquent Female Boss: o-Chō Inoshika (不良姐御伝 猪の鹿お蝶, Furyō anego den: Inoshika o-Chō), is a 1973 Japanese action-thriller  film directed by Norifumi Suzuki and starring Reiko Ike.
It was followed by Female Yakuza Tale: Inquisition and Torture in the same year.
Jason Nicholas Burnett (born December 16, 1986 in Toronto) is a Canadian trampoline gymnast from Etobicoke, Ontario.
He is noted for having completed, in training, the world's most difficult trampoline routine with a degree of difficulty of 20.6 and holding the world record of 18.8 for a routine performed in a competition.
He has placed first in the Canadian National Championships eight times in individual trampoline.
In the 2008 Olympic Games he won a silver medal.
In Online transaction processing (OLTP), information systems typically facilitate and manage transaction-oriented applications.
The term "transaction" can have two different meanings, both of which might apply: in the realm of computers or database transactions it denotes an atomic change of state, whereas in the realm of business or finance, the term typically denotes an exchange of economic entities (as used by, e.g., Transaction Processing Performance Council or commercial transactions.)
OLTP may use transactions of the first type to record transactions of the second.
OLTP has also been used to refer to processing in which the system responds immediately to user requests.
An automated teller machine (ATM) for a bank is an example of a commercial transaction processing application.
Online transaction processing applications are high throughput and insert or update-intensive in database management.
These applications are used concurrently by hundreds of users.
The key goals of OLTP applications are availability, speed, concurrency and recoverability.
Reduced paper trails and the faster, more accurate forecast for revenues and expenses are both examples of how OLTP makes things simpler for businesses.
However, like many modern online information technology solutions, some systems require offline maintenance, which further affects the cost-benefit analysis of an online transaction processing system.
OLTP is typically contrasted to OLAP (online analytical processing), which is generally characterized by much more complex queries, in a smaller volume, for the purpose of business intelligence or reporting rather than to process transactions.
Whereas OLTP systems process all kinds of queries (read, insert, update and delete), OLAP is generally optimized for read only and might not even support other kinds of queries.
OLTP also operates differently from batch processing and grid computing.
Several mammals are known from the Mesozoic of Madagascar.
The Bathonian (middle Jurassic) Ambondro, known from a piece of jaw with three teeth, is the earliest known mammal  with molars showing the modern, tribosphenic pattern that is characteristic of marsupial and placental mammals.
Interpretations of its affinities have differed; one proposal places it in a group known as Australosphenida with other Mesozoic tribosphenic mammals from the southern continents (Gondwana) as well as the monotremes, while others favor closer affinities with northern (Laurasian) tribosphenic mammals or specifically with placentals.
At least five species are known from the Maastrichtian (late Cretaceous), including a yet undescribed species known from a nearly complete skeleton that may represent a completely new group of mammals.
The gondwanathere Lavanify, known from two teeth, is most closely related to other gondwanatheres found in India and Argentina.
Two other teeth may represent another gondwanathere or a different kind of mammal.
One molar fragment is one of the few known remains of a multituberculate mammal from Gondwana and another (UA 8699) has been interpreted as either a marsupial or a placental.
Humes-Jorquenay is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
The 2016 Montana Democratic primary  was held on June 7 in the U.S. state of Montana as one of the Democratic Party's primaries ahead of the 2016 presidential election.
The Democratic Party's primaries in California, New Jersey, New Mexico and South Dakota were held the same day, as were Republican primaries in the same five states, including their own Montana primary.
Additionally, the Democratic Party held North Dakota caucuses the same day.
